		
WORK HISTORY

2/13-present	            New Business Development/Account Executive
                                 

Handle all aspects of new account development  in the country's largest performance                               based media relations firm on a straight commission basis. Duties include: researching and developing new accounts, cold calling, preparing proposals and contracts, making pricing decisions, counseling and advising clients, and performing collections, if necessary.


8/08-2/13		Sales & Marketing Director/Part Owner
			

Oversee all sales and administration activities in a small startup company including sales, customer service, administration, finance & budgets.. Primarily responsible for establishing and maintaining relationships with potential and current clients, as well as educating clients on the finer points of crate design and shipping strategy and tactics. 

3/05-8/08		President & CEO
			
			
Oversaw a wide range of activities in a small manufacturing company primarily in      the sales, administration, and finance areas. Grew the company from $1.2 million in sales to $1.8 million in 2 years.			 

7/99-3/05		Sales/Management 
			Woodland Container Corporation

			Joined my family's business to learn the packaging industry and 
manufacturing processes.  Built a safety program and a program to handle worker's  compensation issues.    Reduced worker's comp costs by 35% in 1st year.  Filled other roles as required in this small company.  Final 3 years primarily in outside sales, handling the company's largest accounts.  Produced more new accounts than all other salespeople combined.. 

4/91 -7/99 		Senior Account Executive
			Media Relations, Inc.  Minneapolis, Minnesota

		 	Joined company during startup phase and grew to handle all aspects of new account development  in the country's largest performance based media relations firm on a straight commission basis. Produced $400K of the company's $1.2 million in annual billings. Duties include: researching and developing new accounts, cold calling, preparing proposals and contracts, making pricing decisions, counseling and advising clients, and performing collections, if necessary. Secured the majority of the company's Fortune 500 clients.
		 	Had total responsibility for all aspects of client projects  from conception to completion, managing all client contact, and had ultimate accountability for client satisfaction. Also performed press release preparation, media training, and "pitching" of stories on an as needed basis.		 
			Supervised a team of 5-6 people consisting of an account manager and a 4-5 person "production" staff.  Duties included training, coaching, hiring/firing, reviewing goals and expectations, and performance reviews.
		 	Participated in the training of new account executives and the interviewing of prospective account executives. 
                                   
4/92 - 7/99 		Senior Sales Associate /Teller Supervisor 
			TCF Bank -Bloomington, Minnesota 

		 	A part time position taken mainly to obtain medical insurance and smooth out the variations inherent in the straight commission pay structure of  Media Relations.  Was the #1 sales person in the deposit product category  in the entire TCF System for 6 of 7 years (the first year was spent mostly in teller duties).  As teller supervisor, managed branch office in the absence of the branch manager, which included opening and closing the branch in accordance with audit and security procedures, balancing the vault and other negotiables, authorizing exceptions to bank policies and procedures, monitoring progress on branch sales goals, resolving customer problems and handling difficult customers, as well as participating in operations and sales training for new tellers. 
		 			 	
8/90-4/91 		Recruiter / Account Executive 
	Hayden & Associates, Computer Careers Division, Minneapolis, Minnesota
		
		 	Managed all aspects of bringing candidates and client companies together in employment marriages on commission basis. 
		 	
3/89-5/90 		Sales Representative 
			Computer Processing Institute, Boston, Massachusetts 

Sold intensive, condensed, upper-range computer career training to individuals. Responding to generated leads and referrals and followed up on pending inquiries. Monitored progress of and counseled students once enrolled. 

6/85-12/85		Staff Assistant
			Senator John C. Danforth, Washington, D.C.

Conducted research and responded to constituent inquiries to support policy  development
			
			EDUCATION 
			B. A. Political Science and English, 1985 
			Washington University, St. Louis, Missouri 
		 	Summa cum laude graduate, 3.9 GPA 
		 	Recipient, Antoinette Francis Dames Award for best honors thesis, "The Power Of a Woman", an examination of women in power in traditional patriarchal societies 
		 	Awarded Arnold J. Lien prize as top Political Science graduate 
		 	Founding member, Alpha Phi Sorority, Chair, Membership Committee 
		 	Active participant in campus and state political activities and founding chairman of campus political group which became the largest in the state 
			
12/85-7/86		Math & science refresher coursework
			University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN

8/86-9/88		Medical school preparatory coursework
			Harvard University, Cambridge, MA	

Other training includes 4 semesters of accounting at Central Lakes College in Brainerd, MN, (4.0 GPA), as well as business education given as part of the Woodland Container Corporation Family Council and my service on the Woodland Container Corporation outside Board of Directors.  I also served as president and CEO of Woodland Properties, an industrial facility leasing company, from its inception through March of 2005, when it became inactive.  Have also owned and managed rental properties for 10+ years and have had various part time positions in group homes as a behavioral/life skills counselor.	
  	  

