Name

Contact info

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts, Internet and Interactive Systems University of Central Florida, Orlando

Major: Digital Media

Related course work: Art as Interface, Advance Java, Assembling Digital Media, C programming, Creative Digital Problem Solving, Digital Media Production I-II, Internet Software Design, Internet Interface, Media E-commerce I-II, User-Centered Design

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Lead Programmer, Sharas Key Solutions, Pompano Beach Fl. (2002- current)

Having various clients that need custom CMS for their business. The custom CMS were develop with ASP classic, ASP.Net, and SQL for the clients. I design custom Wordpress and Joomla website for clients that need a quick and simple website.
The following sites from end-to-end.

Used wordpress base with custom themes and woocommerce to create humanfamilyrocks.org it is still under construction. 
Used Joomla to create http://www.omgmag.com and http://topautogallery.com

Other works include
http://www.loewensteininc.com
http://www.gunthermotorsport.com
http://www.turnerbay.com
http://www.robinwalterdayspa.com
http://epic3d.com
http://marketingmatters.net 
http://www.thebestpromotionalcameras.com

As an Administrator:
Create and Administer the Windows Server 2003 and Red Hat Fedora. 
Create and manage user/ email/ ftp/ telnet/accounts. 
Perform maintenance on the hardware and upgrades on the network. 
Implementing and maintaining the company CMS. This includes: boastMachine, LinPHA, phpGroupWare, phpmyadmin and PHP-Nuke.

Web Developer, Mouse Pad, Deerfield Beach, Fl. (May 2006 -June 2007)

My responsibilities were to give quotes for projects and write milestones for all code projects the company received. I also code, design, and maintained customers websites. The environment is on the Macintosh and we use the following software in house: Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Adobe Photoshop, Flash, Corel, 3ds Max, and Lightwave. Our backend which I maintain and develop was handle by ASP, SQL, XML, java, and action script. I had code numerous admin sections which allow the user to create photo galleries, add articles and maintain their websites. I create backend for art galleries which allow them to add artist, art work, create invoices, create labels, update their clients information, add notes of clients, manage their whole inventory, add exhibits, and update artist profile. Most of these sites where done in ASP and SQL but we used dot NET, Ajax, and action script when need be.   Technologies used: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, ASP, ASP.NET, Mysql, SQL.




Web/Graphics designer, Agoura Computer, Oak Park, CA. (December 2004 - May 2006)

• Maintained and designed of the clients' website site. 

• This was a remote position making communication a key for this job. We relied heavily on email and also daily phone meetings to stay productive. 

• Our primary tools were Macromedia Dreamweaver and Flash. Java and java script are were used for basic web apps, menus, and forums. 

Field Engineer, C.R.S., Tamarac, Fl. (December 2003 - May 2006)

• Traveled to clients to trouble shoot various problems relating to desktops, servers, networks, and their equipment. 

• I had deal with clients and travel to fix mission critical systems. 

• Kept detail logs for Endeavor Telecom for billing purposes. 

• Working knowledge of and experience in TCP/IP, LAN, Wan and voice communications. Proficiency in xDSL, ISDN, and T1 fundamentals, as well as expert knowledge of both commercial and residential cabling and wiring for xDsl, ISDN, T1, and LAN data lines. 

Other Positions Held:
Video Game Design, University Department Chair, Keiser University, Ft. Lauderdale, FL (January 2008- October 2014)
Video Game Design, Professor, Keiser University, Ft. Lauderdale, FL (June 2007- January 2008)
Adjunct Professor, ITT Technical Institute, Fort Lauderdale, Fl. (January 2007 -June 2007)

TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY

Programming:	Action Script: Intermediate
Visual Basic: Intermediate
Wordpress: Intermediate
Joomla: Intermediate
Pascal: Intermediate
C : Intermediate
C++ : Intermediate
Java/ JavaScript: Intermediate
Html/ CSS: Expert
ASP: Expert
SQL: Expert
UML: Intermediate

Software:	Access: Expert
Adobe Photoshop - Expert
Illustrator - Expert
Flash - Expert
Dreamweaver - Expert
Alias: Maya - Expert
3D studio max - Expert
Corel Painter - Intermediate
Pixologic: Zbrush - Intermediae
