 PROFILE
A highly adaptable, dedicated individual with advanced technical and creative skills, a commitment and a proven track record in community based creative projects. 
 EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS
2014			XXX College
Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages
Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector

2006-2007		University of XXX
BA (Hons) Sound and Music Production.
Graduated the top of my year with a first. Invited back as a guest lecturer the following year. Projects included building a sound art piece, which turned spam emails into music.

2003-2005		XXX College
HND Sound Engineering and Multimedia Integration
Received a Principal's commendation for the quality of my work & nominated for student of the year.

1982-1989	XXX School.
3 'A' levels: German (A), Physics (E), Maths (E)
8 'O' levels and 1 GCSE 
 WORK EXPERIENCE

Studio Manager XXX FM (Jan 2012-Feb 2015)
Studio manager at XXX's community radio station, XXX FM. I was responsible for office and public duties, the training of volunteers in all aspects of broadcasting and audio technology, day-to-day running of the studios, management of the volunteers and the maintenance of the studio equipment, social media and website. Skills: organisation, technical skills, IT, office, administration, creativity, people skills, training. Currently work freelance training volunteers.

Learning Resource Centre Monitor (2011)
I was in charge of the security, health and safety, student welfare and front desk at the library at XXX Campus, XXX University. Skills: using own initiative, people skills, dealing with the public.


Self-employed Sound Engineer/Musician (2000-present)
Long history of live and studio sound engineering including running a stage for the XXX festival, recording everything from acoustic music, through rock and jazz to chamber orchestras. I have played guitar professionally on the XXX music scene throughout my adult life. Skills: technical expertise, self-management, marketing, office and administration skills.

Music Project Group Leader (2006-2010)
I worked voluntarily for the XXX Project in XXX and XXX in XXX where I ran music groups for people with mental health problems. I also recorded, compiled, manufactured and promoted a fund-raising CD and organised a local concert. Skills: project management, confidentiality, people skills, creativity.
 OTHER SKILLS
IT: Qualifications in word processing, databases and spreadsheet applications, Social Media, Google Analytics and SEO. 
Teaching: I recently (Aug 2014) completed a certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) and Preparing to Teach in the Lifelong Learning Sector (PTLLS) to further my passion for teaching.
Health and Safety: Manual Handling, Hazardous Waste Removal.
SafeTALK suicide awareness. Cleaning NVQ II.
Current clean international driving licence.
 INTERESTS
As well as a guitarist I am also a keen artist, especially pen and ink illustration, and enjoy walking and reading. I create radio shows and record my own and others' music. 


Page 2 of 2

