BLANKBLANK Office BLANK  Cell BLANKEmail:  BLANKSummaryInnovative Senior Manager with 20 years at BLANK.  Strong combination of technical and management expertise.   Expert knowledge of Wireless and Wireline Networks.  Recognized for technical leadership and program/project management skills. 
Areas of Expertise* Program and Project Management
* Product Development and Design
* LTE Wireless Network
* Data Communications 
* Network Planning and Engineering
* Network Operations

Experience
BLANK,2009-Present
Senior Technical Project Manager,  BLANK Strategic Program Organization
Program Manager supporting the introduction and build out of the Wireless LTE nation wide network.  
Responsible for managing key program milestones and program risks, issues and jeopardies and for ensuring the corporation meets program objectives.
? Currently responsible for Program Integration of the VoLTE Service (VoIP) on to the IMS based Universal Service Platform (USP) and Telephony Application Server Platform (TAS).
? Partnered with NP&E and Mobility to deliver the UPS Platform on time for VOLTE FFA testing in 2012.	
? ASPO Manager responsible for the introduction of Circuit Switch Fall Back (CSFB) Service into the LTE network in 2011.
? Project managed the on time delivery of a Universal Core IMS FRP to nine vendors in support of kicking off the LTE Program.
? Expert in both OAA and NTD development processes.
? Developed key LTE KPI metrics for presentation to Executives.
? Led Program Standardization effort across ASPO Programs in 2013.	

BLANK2005-2009Lead Product Development Manager, Product Development
Product Developer with Wireline/Wireless Convergence Team. 
Worked with representatives from all aspects of the business to deliver new telecommunications products and services.
? Launched BLANK HomeManager product on time and on budget in 2008.
? Received SVP Award from BLANK for role on HomeManager launch.
? Delivered E911 Project for Chicago, Ill PSAP in 2006.
? Volunteered to work on short term process mapping and requirements development efforts in between projects.

Experience cont.BLANK2004-2005Lead Product Development Engineer, Long Distance Data Product Development
Technical lead for Customer Network Management (CNM), ATM/Frame Relay Enhancements, and International Private Line products.
Lead technical core teams with representatives from Operations, Engineering, IT and SBC Labs.
? Documented streamlined Operational Readiness Test in support of the on time launch of ATM/Frame Relay IMA/Multilink enhancements.
? Authored technical strategy document in support of SBC's effort to offer International Private Line outside of U.S. and Mexico.
? Recognized for project leadership--Offered and accepted role as Product Development Manager.

BLANK2000-2004Senior Network Manager, Advanced Solutions Inc. Network Operations
Tier 3 Technical Support for the BLANK NAP and Metasolv Resolve.
Responsible for providing 99.99 network availability of Cisco ATM network to ISP customer set. Provided technical leadership and project management for major network systems upgrades
? Installed and maintained NMS Systems (Cisco Wan Manager, Alcatel 5620, HP Open View, Metasolv Resolve and Concord Network Health) to support network provisioning, maintenance and surveillance.
? Eliminated Cisco engineering support contract that resulted in $390,000 annual savings.
EducationSouthern Methodist University, Dallas, TX
? M.S., Telecommunications  1997

University of California, Berkeley, CA 
? B.A., Philosophy  1983
AffiliationsProject Management Institute
? PMP Certification Awarded 2006

Boy Scouts of America Troop 8
? Scoutmaster since 2012
? Presidential Volunteer Service Award

	- 2 -

