 MY NAME
 Address
 
 Tel: ###########
email@provider.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

I consider myself a reliable, hard working and punctual person, with a strong customer focus. I worked most recently for Sitel, who are a multinational customer service outsourcer, and have gained valuable experience through the this and previous roles I have undertaken. As a result, I have become a varied and adaptable employee, and I'm now seeking a move towards more administrative roles going forwards. I am a confident person, with excellent communication and inter-personal skills and enjoy working on my own initiative or as part of a team to achieve great results. 
 
	
 EMPLOYMENT	

Customer Service Advisor	    Sitel UK Ltd	November 2014 - April 2015

In my role as a Customer Service Advisor on the First Utility campaign, I utilised my prior experience and communication skills to offer a comprehensive experience for my customers, focussing heavily on first point of contact resolution and ownership of issues raised. In this role I engaged in both telephony and email customer service, which was a new challenge and offered me additional experience in professional written communication. 

Telephony Personal Banker    Barclays Bank	March 2014 - November 2014

As a Telephony Personal Banker I enjoyed a varied role, assisting customers via telephone banking in all manner of ways, such as day-to-day banking and transfers; helping customers to manage their finances and working to make suitable product suggestions. My role required me to adapt quickly to change and adhere to regulatory standards, and be proficient in the use of a number of varied systems. I am proud to say I achieved 100% NPS customer satisfaction score in this position. 

Personal Shopper 			Tesco		8th Nov 2013 - 24th Dec 2013

I worked in the "dot com" department as a Christmas temporary staff member. This role was primarily a picking and packing role, selecting goods ordered by customers through online shopping. Time management was essential in this role as if we did not meet our time based targets, there was the risk the customer would not receive their delivery on time, or that good could be spoiled due to being removed from climate controlled environments for too long. Additionally, I provided excellent customer service to in store customers, handling any queries they may have had, and assisted in stock management and keeping the store well presented. 

Customer Service Representative	Teleperformance	April 2013 - June 2013

I worked as a customer service representative on the Student Finance campaign, offering advice and assistance to students and their sponsors (such as partners and parents) as to the status of their finance application and advice on what information and evidence required. 
 
Customer Service & Sales Advisor       Orange PCS August 2006 - October 2008

I progressed through a number of roles at Orange, which allowed me to gain a great understanding of customer needs through the eyes of many departments. My role at Orange included handling customer queries, resolving billing issues and identifying handset problems. Subsequently I moved into a sales role, during which I negotiated Pay Monthly contracts, facilitated handset sales, cross sold the Care insurance product and ensured a quality after sales service.   



EDUCATION
      
BA Film and Media 
University of Sunderland
September 2010 - July 2012
Attained Certificate of Higher Education.

HEFC: Psychology (Distinction), English Language (Distinction), Law (Merit). 
Newcastle College
September 2008 - June 2009

AS Levels: Law and General Studies
Newcastle College
September 2005 - June 2007

GCSEs (9 A-C grade)
Cramlington Community High School
September 2001 - June 2005

PERSONAL INTERESTS

In my spare time I enjoy spending time with my husband and friends in a social setting, and spend a lot of time looking after my house rabbit and hamster. Cooking, too, is a great passion of mine. I like to keep up to date with national and global affairs and also enjoy spending time with friends playing online games as well as other table top and card games. These hobbies have enhanced my social skills, problem solving abilities and critical thinking.

REFERENCES

References are available on request.
