BUSINESS SCHOOL - Assessment 1 Feedback Front sheet
SECTION A:

(to be completed by the student)

Please complete Section A Student Number:U1338181Programme:(e.g. Business Management)Economics/Finance/RiskModule Title:  (e.g. Studying for Business)The Professional Business ResearcherSeminar GroupEjikeModule Code:HR6750Word Count220
I confirm that no part of this assignment, except where clearly quoted and referenced, has been copied from material belonging to any other person e.g. from a book, handout, another student.  I am aware that it is a breach of UEL regulations to copy the work of another without clear acknowledgement and that attempting to do so renders me liable to disciplinary proceedings.

SECTION B: (to be completed by the tutor marking assignment)
Assessment Criteria:WeightingCriteria based FeedbackMark AchievedResearch focus - To what extent is the choice of topic sufficiently focused (i.e. not too broad or narrow). Is it feasible? Is it on a specific issue or a specific area within a topic (rather than the whole topic)?20%Research question/objectives - To what extent is the research question sufficiently focused, feasible and explicit? Do your three research objectives assist in further narrowing the focus?20%Strategic justification - To what extent do you provide a clear strategic rationale for your choice of research in a given organisation/industry? How will your research contribute to the performance or strategic goals of an organization or industry?  Have you made clear the business issue that your research focus will be resolving?25%
Theoretical rationale - Is there a gap in the current literature and how will your research focus contribute to the field. Are there debates and controversies relating to your topic? Is it a contemporary issue of particular importance to your company/industry?25%
Written style, referencing, punctuation, spelling and grammar.10%
TOTAL MARKS100%


Good practice demonstrated:



Aspect to consider for improvement:



Tutor's Name:
Date Received:PROVISIONAL 
MARK















Research Title
Mergers and Acquisitions in the Automotive Industry: Motives, Value Creation, Challenges and Opportunities.
Research Objectives
1. To define and understand the concepts and principles of M&A.
2. To investigate various motives of M&A in the global automotive industry.
3. To understand, elucidate and evaluate different challenges and opportunities along with value creation in the automotive industry.
Strategic Justification
Mergers and Acquisitions have been emphasized by organizations as a significant means for business success and exemplified the importance of unification. Due to an increase in competition and enhanced globalization, the economic environment has reformed in recent years and thus the risks of firms have risen. This research will give deeper understanding to various organizations in the automotive industry through several motives, challenges and opportunities available in M&A. It will illustrate how different firms in the automotive industry have successfully created value for consumers after M&A.
Theoretical Rationale
Is bigger better? And how big is big enough? Amalgamation has led to many controversies and has questioned the concept hence leading to dilemmas for firms to pursue M&A. However, various literatures demonstrate M&A as a positive growth engine and that there is no defined successful criteria for M&A (Herd and Albert, 2012). This research will provide an evaluation of M&A across various firms, referencing the already documented materials together with recent sources, highlighting the importance and effects of M&A in the automotive industry.
References 
Herd and Albert. (2012). Invest in a Few, Grow into New: Why "One and Done" M&A is No Longer Effective. Available: https://www.accenture.com/t20150523T053152__w__/us-en/_acnmedia/Accenture/Conversion-Assets/DotCom/Documents/Global/PDF/Strategy_6/Accenture-Invest-in-a-Few-Grow-into-New-Why-One-and-Done-MAndA-is-No-. Last accessed 8th Nov 2015.
Student Number: U1338181

