                                                          D.O.B 23/08/1984

I am a hard working, honest individual. I am a good timekeeper, always willing to learn new skills. I am friendly, helpful and polite, have a good sense of humour. I am able to work independently in busy environments and also within a team setting. I am outgoing and tactful, and able to listen effectively when solving problems.
I have a positive look towards all tasks which are asked of me, I also use initiative to aid teams around me or when left to deal with own workload. I am a punctual and motivated individual who is able to produce high standards of work. I am an excellent team worker and am able to take instructions from all levels and build up good working relationships with all colleagues. I am flexible, reliable and possess excellent time keeping skills.

Education
Churchfields High School 1995 - 2000

Maths - C
English - C
Science - D
I.T - B
Business Studies - PASS
French - D

Training Courses

Rookery Road Primary School
2009 - 2010

Access to Teachers Training
Did not complete course

Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospital
(City Hospital) 2014 - 2015

QCF Health and Social Care Level 2 
Pending


Work Experience


Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospital
(City Hospital) 
2014 - Present

Healthcare Assistant: Working on Urology/ENT/Plastics ward, looking after patients and helping with personal care, promoting independence and helping patients with feeding and drinking. Ensuring the ward is clean and tidy and all medical devices have been cleaned and stored correctly.
Bladder scanning patients to check their post void residuals and also TWOCing (trial without catheter) patients. Assisting housekeepers with meals and lunch and dinner times and keeping patients daily care records up to date throughout the day. Taking blood pressures and checking blood sugar levels.


Moseley Hall Hospital
2009 - 2014

Healthcare Assistant: Working on a Neurology ward caring for patients with a variety of injuries such as brain trauma, MS, Cerebral Palsy, assisting and helping patients who are not able to do so alone, personal needs as well as feeding and drinking. Ensuring the ward is clean and tidy and all patients care records are up to date. Emptying catheters, and bladder scanning patients, taking blood pressures and checking blood sugar levels. Turning patients who are not self mobile, promoting independence and wellbeing.


Interests

I enjoy spending time with friends and family, i like to do photography when i get any spare time. I like to listen to music and regularly attend concerts and festivals. I love trying new things and meeting new people.
