Curriculum Vitae

Personal Profile:
	I am an enthusiastic, ambitious, reliable and hardworking individual. I believe I have the necessary skills and abilities to be successful. I have always strived to achieve in everything that I do. From the beginning of my career I have always welcomed new opportunities to enhance both my professional and personal development. I am keen for my career to continue moving forward and feel that roles in I.C.T, Administration and HR present both exciting new challenges and excellent opportunities for me. I am an advanced user of I.C.T which is shown in my job title(s) and in my qualifications. I am able to use all Microsoft Office programmes (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook) well and have a fast typing speed. 
	I have always placed a strong emphasis of building good relationships with those I work with. I believe communication is integral to ensuring that all are working together to achieve the same goal. My ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of personalities has helped develop an excellent rapport with those I work with. I am a self motivated individual who can work competently by myself or as a key constituent of a team. I believe I am a positive and an approachable person with a huge personality. 
	I am willing to be trained and gain new skills and abilities as this will improve my knowledge further. Being an organised person and able to prioritise, support me in completing my work to strict deadlines. I maintain a high level of professionalism at all times and can work with sensitive or confidential information with discretion. 
       
Education:

September 2000 - 2005		
       I was always 100% punctual and had an excellent attendance level throughout my years at school. I was chosen to be a Prefect; this duty required me to take responsibility of looking after other students. From this I learnt to be able to communicate with people better, by dealing with many different situations in a formerly manner. I proved myself to be reliable and responsible. Each year I offered to help with the Christmas production and be backstage crew for the drama sketches, this meant I had to have costumes and props ready for the pupils at particular times, this also held a lot of responsibility for me. Regularly through school there were sports competitions and I was always willing to participate. Not only did I enjoy playing the sports, it helped me to work better as part of a team, by having to communicate with my other players. I also joined the school dance club year after year. This tested my skills of working as part of a team and time management, I was successful in completing my dances each year. 

Qualifications:	

GCSE's - Travel and Tourism (A*), Geography (A), Mathematics (B), English Literature & Language (B), Double Award Science (C), Music (C), Textiles (C), French (C)

I.C.T NVQ Level 3			
(Advanced Apprenticeship)

CLAIT Advanced			


Work Experience:

November 2012 - present
       I currently work as Learning and Technology Support in the Undergraduate Centre at Russell's Hall Hospital. I work closely alongside a team of coordinators to plan, create and run placements for student doctors. The majority of my work is computer based; daily I create and maintain spreadsheets, student records, attendance, timetables, and the room booking directory. I am involved with cash handling, setting up lecture rooms with ICT equipment (i.e. laptops, projectors), liaising with students, outside agencies, consultants etc. Other aspects of my role include receiving/making phone calls, email, filing, stationary ordering, photocopying, faxing and post handling. I am trained and responsible for setting up live video links with theatre rooms, this allows students the opportunity to watch an operation live and interact with the surgeon carrying out the procedure. I have organised a 15 week placement, 5th year medical students exams, 2nd year medical student 2 day placements and a medical work experience programmes. I carried out the programmes solely from beginning to end, completing all paperwork/admin, liaising with patients/consultants, organising guided tours, clinics and much more.
       I also support the Interprofessional Education Facilitator and the Simulation Lead to run courses for external students and healthcare professionals. I complete the booking process for those that enquire and ensure all course material is prepared for the day, as well as setting up the simulation lab.  
       Maintenance and updates for the RGUC website (www.rguc.co.uk) is a big aspect of my role, this provides students anywhere, anytime access to curriculum details, timetables and resources. 
        I am very familiar with all Microsoft Packages; Word, Publisher, Excel, FrontPage of which are demonstrated in my current job and my qualifications. My role expresses that I adhere to trust policies such as information governance, data protection, confidentiality, safe guarding and infection prevention, manual handling and fire awareness. When covering the receptionist, I am the first point of contact into the Undergraduate Centre and therefore I have to hold a professional and presentable image and manner at all times. I endeavour to deliver excellent customer service to internal and external persons always. 
       My current and previous lines of work have enabled me to work and associate with different people of all ages, in different manners on a daily basis. Therefore my communicational skills - face-to-face and over the telephone - I find are to a high standard. I am an organised, methodical worker who places an emphasis on attention to detail; my work is completed to the best of my ability. I find it very easy to work as part of a team, when I have to, and find it helps to get the job done faster. In particular situations I can work independently and use my own initiative to complete the task to deadline. I have had to train staff in all my lines of work, adhering to company standards and being a role model employee at all times. I have had the opportunity in both my jobs learn new skills and abilities, of which I can use later on elsewhere and will continue to develop these. 
Previous Employment:
Receptionist/Admin Support		Russell's Hall Hospital		February 2012 - November 2012
Admin Volunteer			Russell's Hall Hospital 		August 2011 - February 2012
ICT Assistant/Secretary		Netherbrook Primary School		April 2006 - February 2012
Waitress/Expert Trainer		Pizza Hut, Castlegate 		April 2006 - August 2008

Hobbies:
	
       I enjoy socialising with my friends by going shopping, going to the cinema, going for meals and generally having a good time when we go out. I enjoy listening to all sorts of music. I have a membership with my local leisure centre and attend on a weekly basis to use their gym facilities and go swimming. I am a keen fundraiser for Leukaemia Care and also donate blood on a regular basis. I have recently signed up to be a bone marrow donor also. 

References:

References are available on request.	
