Sarthak Behura
E-Mail: sarthak.behura@gmail.com; Contact No.:  +91-8019552796

Looking to work with an Investment strategy team in a Wealth management/Investment banking set up, with a constant focus on developing new Investment & asset allocation strategies based on Thematic approaches and  Statistical finance. 

SYNOPSIS
- Currently working with the UBS Wealth management CIO team overlooking Investments over $800 Billion in Assets.
- Awarded Associate of the year award in 2012, recognizing the best performer in the whole of BFS practice.  
- Awarded the Best regional strategy team in Asia during my stint with Asia Equity strategy team in the UBS Investment bank.
- MBA (Finance) from Amrita school of business(ASB Coimbatore) Informatics(Technology Entrepreneurship) From Sofia University ,St. Kliment  Ohridski ,(Sofia, Bulgaria) 
- Worked with the European Union as a   Research   Scholar in   Eastern Europe for 6 months.                       
- Proficiency in MS Excel and other research based applications such as Bloomberg, Factset, Capitaliq (working knowledge), WIRE, DataStream and DB Access.
- Was offered the pre placement offer by UBS after successful completion of summer internship in 2008. 

CURRENT ROLE
UBS - Cognizant - UBS Wealth Management CIO Team - Associate Research manager/Team Lead
Key Responsibilities
? Writing monthly periodicals & thematic reports
? Coming up with high conviction equity ideas for Asia portfolio
? Assisting the institutional equities desk with ad hoc requests
? Broker reviews, Benchmarking tasks and working with the WM management team on change management and other best practices. 
? Designing & Maintaining new Investment products for the business.  
? Working directly with the regional head of equity teams ,Also assisting with client requests
? Training Junior associates 
? Constantly work with Heads of asset allocation & Economics team to come up with new Investment themes.
? Designed breakthrough Products for the team based on an artificial neural network based simulations.
? Assisting the Equities\Economics teams in India on a frequent basis.  

UBS ISC Hyderabad - Asia Equity Strategy Team - Equity Research   -   UBS Investment Bank.
Key Responsibilities
Equity Research 
? Asian Strategy Team, covering valuations for 10 prime countries in Asia Ex Japan.
? Full responsibility of Asia Valuation Pack & Asian Funds flow, two Monthly Products published by the team.
? Writing Monthly valuation updates & taking cull responsibility of client presentations.
? Constructing Stock Universes, producing write-ups/valuation cheat sheets and also contributing to the Idea generation process for any upcoming reports or outlooks.
? Handles highest number of client request for the investment bank.
PRIOR EXPERIENCE
European Union   - Bulgaria (6 months)
Key Responsibilities
- Worked/studied on the asset allocation models of the EU, and designed fund allocation strategies under the SAPARD program. 
- Offered consulting services to a lot of EU Fund Beneficiaries. 

Unicon Stock Broking Services (part time during Grads)
Key Responsibilities
- Stock broking & FSAR related Responsibilities.
Achievements
? Winner of the "Opel Award for Outstanding Performance, productivity and dedicated service" in my 1st year with UBS ISC.
? Rated as the top performer amongst all the candidates from Central Asia, getting the highest possible rating from the EU. 
? Was among one of the top 50 Scholars selected for EU projects, from 1800 top Colleges across Central Asia.


ACADEMICS
2009	 Informatics (Tech entrepreneurship)							A(Excellent)
	Sofia University, St. Kliment  Ohridski ,Bulgaria
2009         MBA (Finance), 
      Amrita University, Coimbatore                                            			         7.5(CGPA)
2007        B.Com A/C (Hons), Utkal University                                                          1st class (Hons) with Distinction
2002        C.B.S.E., Std.XII (Commerce Stream) from DAV Public School                    72% in aggregate.

Achievements
? European Union Merit Scholarship, Semester abroad.
? Captain of the College Football team 

PROJECTS COMPLETED
2 Month - Summer Internship Project (During MBA), UBS, Hyderabad
The summer project at UBS ISC was a combination of different aspects of financial control starting from Accounts payable, Accounts Receivables, CST Filings, SOFTEX filings, Foreign Exchange calculations, etc. Apart from this a part of the project was also spent at finalising the audit and other statutory Audit requirements like preparing yearend cash flows and BRS.   

INTERESTS	

Travelling & Adventure Sports, Blogging, Soccer

PERSONAL DETAILS	
Name                         :        Sarthak Behura
Fathers Name           :        Late Sricharan Behura
Date of Birth		:	 11 May 1986
Passport No               :       H0291470
