Natalie Wilson

UK
natalie.wilson90@gmail.com - 07570981100

WORK EXPERIENCE

In-house artist
Demontfort  -  Lichfield - September 2013 to Present

Responsibilities
o Repairs and embellishes limited edition paintings before they are sold in galleries.
o Numbers and takes stock control of paintings, adding them into a barcoded computer system.
o Supervises with the production of painting editions and new releases.
o Creates paintings daily for the release into Whitewall galleries.

Accomplishments
It has encouraged my affinity for art and has helped me understand the commercial side of the art work.

Skills Used
art,  painting,  administration  work,  drawing,  varnishing,  stock  paperwork,  computer  admin,  numbering  and
barcoding, painting repairs, sculpture

Sales Assistant and Distributor
Thinking Forward Events  -  Birmingham - April 2013 to August 2013

Responsibilities
o Temporary cosmetics distributor in shopping centres and department stores.
o Participated in an internship type learning programme in marketing and basic models of sales.
o Attended direct marketing events daily promoting and selling certain products: providing a good customer
service and providing information as a brand awareness scheme.
o Taught back presentations on pitch and steps to marketing.

Accomplishments
I  became  well  versed  in  the  understadning  of  sales  techniques  and  entrepreneurial  skills.  I  was  aware  of
how an upcoming business worked and the approaches taken when it comes to selling a product in a vastly
populated area.

Skills Used
communication,  sales  techniques,  business  planning,  time  management,  stock  control,  commission
responsibility, customer service

Voluntary Sales Assistant
Save The Children  -  Greenwich - February 2013 to April 2013

Responsibilities
o Worked as a voluntary retail assistant for charity shop, dealing with customer sales and stocking.
o Applied customer service skills to the handling of requests and enquiries of the customers, providing a polite
and friendly service.

Accomplishments

I gained experience in retail and shop management

Skills Used
customer service, sales assisting, stock control, shop management, cashier

Bookseller
Waterstones  -  Kensington - November 2012 to December 2012

Responsibilities
o Part time shop assistant for seasonal period of 1 month.
o  Worked  with  customer  queries,  recommendations,  online  and  pre-orders.  Also  dealt  with  providing
information to customers about Kindles and E-readers, whilst organizing orders and sales.
o Worked as cashier and floor bookseller, participating in a retail-training day during the time of contract.

Accomplishments
I gained a better understanding of retail work in a busy time period (Christmas) and I was taught how to hold
events with authors and the public.

Skills Used
customer service, cashier, retail work, public management, hostess, stock control, shop floor management,
front of house

Restaurant Assistant
Bromley Hayes Restaurant and Garden Centre  -  Kings Bromley - June 2006 to September 2011

Responsibilities
o Part time job with flexible overtime hours at a local restaurant/carvery. 
o Worked as a waitress and cashier – interacting customers, handling cash, managing and stocking the bar,
serving food.
o Worked as kitchen staff – opening and closing the restaurant, preparing food, managing the menus, attending
to the customers’ special dietary needs, washing tableware and kitchen utensils.

Accomplishments
I was well acquainted with the regular customers and built up a rapport, allowing my customer service skills to
improve. Since it was my first job I was able to understand how a business is run, how retail works, and that
I was given more responsibilities as time went on.

Skills Used
customer service, opening and closing the restaurant, cashier, bar skills, kitchen and chef abilities, cleaner,
handling of funds to various areas of the establishment

EDUCATION

Fine Art
University of Hertfordshire - Wilson, UK

SKILLS

art (9 years), customer service (7 years), stock control (1 year), painting restoration (2 years), design/
painting (9 years)

