xxxxxxxxx
xxx/xxx, Kannamwarnagar-2,	                      Mobile No.xxxxxx
Vikhroli-East, Mumbai-400083	                                                  xxxxxxx@gmail.com	                                                                                                       
Objective: To leverage my experience of working in an ITIL compliant application support role and expertise in Telecom OSS, produce effective results by demonstrating sound leadership, logical, business skills.
Experience:
   1.  Tech Mahindra Ltd.
Technical Associate, Application Support, Tech Lead.	          Feb 2007 - Present
Project: FlowStream -A Fulfilment OSS for British Telecom's Broadband orders
FlowStream is mid tier system which provides the functionality to define a workflow and execute it thereby automating complex process specifically in the area of provisioning of products.
FlowStream is a key component in the Broadband Provisioning stack of BT systems.
Responsibilities 
24 x 7 support of the production environment
Monitoring & Administration of the core Middleware infrastructure
Designing and writing up PLSQL and Shell Scripts for automation and workarounds
Working on Oracle, PLSQL, Triggers, stored procedures in UNIX and LINUX Environment
Problem solving, escalation and incident management through Clarify Bridge, meeting SLA Requirements
Ensuring uniform and cohesive monitoring is applied across the relevant infrastructures
Exception handling and Repairing Broadband orders
Suggesting E2E solution designers various Fixes and workflow automation so that majority of the orders go through with zero manual touch so as achieve BT's vendor target of 95% right first time
Liaising with ISP's and other systems of the OSS like CRM's, Element Managers, Inventory & Billing Systems for queries and issues.
Knowledge Acquired:
   •  E2E knowledge of the PSTN and Broadband Provisioning process in UK.
   •  Strong Expertise in Telecom Operation Support System(OSS) and processes
   •  Functional Knowledge of BSS and Billing Systems
   •  Strong understanding of UK's telecom regulatory environment
I.T Skils
UNIX, LINUX, Oracle, PLSQL, MQ, XML
Career Highlight
Onsite (UK) stint of 7 months (Nov 09 - May 10)
   1.  Maersk Global Services Centre
Processing Officer, Operations	        June 2005 - Feb 2007
Maersk GSC is the captive shared service centre of Denmark headquartered shipping giant Maersk- AP Moller group.
Handling of Cargo Movements of Central European Ports of Rotterdam, Antwerp, Le Havre, Montoir de Bretagne, Brest & Dunkerque
Work within the Standard Operating Procedures including Vessel Sharing Agreements, Slot Charter Agreements and Working Procedures
Ensuring full compliance with the global container flow plan, Transhipment planning, planning & execution of empty equipment flows.
Updating of in-house tracking and inventory systems ensuring a real-time view of container movements
Ensure Vessels are fully utilised according to established priorities, Monitor and report Vessel utilization
Stowage planning, preparing Load and Discharge list's for Vessels, adhering to strict timelines.
Liaising with port clusters and front offices for enabling proper documentation, rectifying cargo booking discrepancies and exceptional & contingency cargo handling
Academics:
B.com (First Class), K.J. Somaiya College, University of Mumbai, June 2005.
Personal Details:
Date of Birth:          27/10/1984
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati.
Passions:	        Tracking and Investing in Stock Markets, Reading, Travelling
Date: 02/08/2010
Place: Mumbai                                                                           (xxxx x. xxx)

