 

 

 

 

Objective 
To gain employment and establish myself as a valued and trusted member of staff. 

Main Skillsets  

Experienced computer programmer – bespoke accounting and other systems. 
Experienced computer programmer – web based applications. PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML. 
Experienced computer programmer – dynamic sites with MySQL databases. 
Skilled in Microsoft Office. 

Attributes 

Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. 
Able to communicate at all levels from employee to senior management. 
Good organizational skills, able to prioritize tasks for optimal effect and performance. 
Able to work on my own with minimal supervision, to deadlines. 
Good knowledge of office protocols and procedures.  
Excellent problem solving skills. 
Good mathematical abilities. 

History 

Jenem Computers Ltd – Programmer, developing bespoke applications for accounting, stock and ordering 
systems. Developing the solution with senior management. Installing software and training users. 
Ongoing system and customer support as required. It is here I developed my abilities to solve problems 
that arose and honed my communication skills having to communicate with end users as well as senior 
management. 

Timescales were very important as often the implication of new computer systems often was when other 
changes in work practices were introduced. 

Checkout Computers Ltd 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Developing EPOS software for deployment in the companies EPOS systems for the pub trade. I was 
responsible for the development of software interfaces between remote terminals and the central computer 
system.  

Malt and Hops Public House 

I was a pub manager responsible for all aspects of running a pub, from employing staff through to 
management functions such as banking. 

No1showplates 

I developed an e-commerce website for No1showplates selling show number plates online. The company 
was very successful turning over £1.5 million a year on average. 

I provided a system that allowed customers to design their plate’s online, place and pay for an order. A 
back end order processing system allowed for the management of orders – updating them as required as 
they were processed.  

References can be supplied as required. 

Education 

I have ‘O’ levels in Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry, Biology, English and Design Technology. 

I am half way through a BSc (Hons) degree with the Open University in Physics and Maths.  

Self-Development 

I keep up to date with developments in programming technologies through reading and online courses 
offered by the likes of edX and Coursera.  

Personal  

I enjoy sports, particularly football and formula one – I have a dog, xxxxxxxx, a Havenese bitch who is 
nearly 14 years old. I enjoy taking her for walks in and around xxxxxxxx 

 

2 

 
 

 

 

 

