Objective: 
To secure a challenging position in a high-tech environment enabling me to apply my knowledge and 
skills to achieve personal and professional growth. Also affording the opportunity for advancement 
once qualified. 

Qualifications: 
Extensive knowledge of Linux/Unix and Windows system and network administration. Experience in 
network routing and switch hardware installation, configuration and maintenance. Advanced scripting 
abilities with languages such as Perl, PHP and  shell script development to automate system 
administration tasks. Experience with the installation and configuration of hardware and software based
firewalls. 
Excellent oral and written communications skills and extensive experience with direct client service 
and support. 

Experience: 
Xilogix, LLC                                    May  2010   -  Jan 2014 
Datacenter Manager: Manage the Xilogix Datacenter and keep the entire facility working in an efficient
manner. Respond to client issues with networking, dedicated server, firewalling and other assorted 
problems. Manage the vendor contracts and ensure that the periodic preventative maintenance is 
performed to ensure consistent uptime. 

Tulix Systems                                   July 2009   -  May 2010 
System Administrator: Install and maintain critical system servers to support the ongoing business 
needs. Respond to and resolve customer issues with provided services. 
Network Administrator: Install and maintain critical networking hardware and software. Maintain the 
internal routing network for the internal services and for the colocated and dedicated server clients. 
Respond to and resolve networking issues. 

Comstar.net/Globix Corporation/Xilogix, LLC 
Technical Support Engineer: Installed, tested and maintained dedicate access services ranging from 
ISDN up to DS3 circuits.  Created monitoring/alerting system for access circuits and internal systems. 
Developed an IP allocation application to track IP assignments and use. Interfaced with major telco 
providers for installation and troubleshooting tickets on remote circuits and on Datacenter SONET and 
TDM multiplexers. 

April 1998  -  July 2009 

Internet Datacenter Technician: Installed and supported hundreds of co-location customers' equipment 
and network connections. Operated power and cooling infrastructure and responsible for scheduling 
and executions of it's preventative maintenance. Configured and maintained switching and routing gear
to deliver connectivity within the Datacenter. Implemented a tape backup solution for customer and 

corporate machines. Adapted the reporting scripts to provide reports to the clients utilizing this service. 

Systems Administrator/Network Engineer: During my 12 year tenure my primary responsibilities was 
installation and maintenance of core infrastructure servers and networking hardware. Working with the 
upstream bandwidth providers on issues for timely resolution as well as interfacing  with various telcos 
on line level issues.  

• Evaluating new services and products and seeing where they would benefit the overall 

goal of the company. 

• Deployed a hardware based virtualization machine to consolidate legacy servers to a 

single server platform.  (Utilizing the Xen hypervisor) 
Implemented a Cacti graphing server to monitor and report on bandwidth utilization for 
billing purposes. 

•

•

• Updated CDR processing scripts to bill for long distance calls placed on PRI lines. 
• Designed and installed  a VoIP-based telephony system  for the call-center and business 

operations. 
Installed and maintained multiple operations support systems: trouble ticketing, SNMP 
management, mail/dns/www, backup and database. 

Education: 
High school diploma, Sarasota High School, Sarasota Fl, 1986 

Certifications: 
Completed Alteon Load balancer training. 

Skills: 
Linux (Centos, Red Hat/Fedora, Debian, etc.); Microsoft Windows 2008; Solaris, Ultrix; FreeBSD. 

Assembly, testing, and maintenance of computer workstations and servers, device installation, device 
configuration, hardware troubleshooting, driver installation and configuration under several platforms 
and environments including hardware conflict resolution, peripheral upgrades, network construction 
and maintenance. 

Networking under TCP/IP (Lan environments; peer to peer, or client/server) under UNIX/Linux, 
Microsoft Windows; application server maintenance including web (Apache 2.x/1.x), Mail (sendmail, 
postfix, qmail), DNS (ISC BIND 8/9, TinyDNS), SQL Server maintenance (PostgreSQL, MySQL, 
Informix) etc. WAN environment trouble shooting utilizing line testing equipment. Lan environment 
testing and trouble shooting at the physical level utilizing testing equipment. 

Cisco router/switch maintenance (IOS/CatOS). 

Familiar with Datacenter infrastructure hardware (UPS and CRAC units) 

T1/T3 cross connect experience using DSX cross connect panels and wide bank muxes. 

IPv6 Networking 

Military Service: 
Served 4 years in the US Navy from 1986 to 1990. 

References:
Available upon request.

