
CURRENT EMPLOYMENT
USC Aviation Safety & Security, Los Angeles, CA2013 -PresentProject SpecialistSeveral tasks fall under Project Specialist: Automation Specialist, Instructor Coordinator, Laboratory Manager, and Research Assistant.  As an Automation Specialist, I am working to implement online registration and payment for the Program's continuing education courses, as well as updating our online presence.  As an Instructor Coordinator, I make sure our many instructors, ranging from university professors to lawyers to test pilots, can teach our forty-plus courses each year and solve any concerns they may have.  As a Laboratory Manager, I run USC's Aircraft Accident Laboratory, which features ten wreckages and growing.  As research assistant, I use my engineering knowledge to assist the program's research efforts, including safety management for unmanned aircraft operations and flight safety management in remote locations for the World Food Program.
PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT
Systems Integrated, San Diego, CA2011 - 2013Project EngineerI contributed to the design, installation, and training for human-machine interfaces and automated systems for public utilities, such as the Los Angeles Dept. of Water and Power.  I supported fully-automatic systems for facilities ranging from well pump stations to entire hydroelectric plants.  I also reviewed, implimented, and test engineering designs including analog and digital inputs and outputs, programmable logic controllers (PLC), and analog logic.  Tests include checks against current safety criteria.  My largest project was modernizing and automating the 1500 mega-Watt Castaic Pumped-Storage Plant hydroelectric power station north of Los Angeles, California, which allows operators to control the entire plant from their computers, completely replacing their current 1960s-era bench boards while increasing the plant's reliability and maintainability.
USC Aviation Safety and Security Program, Los Angeles, CA2010-2011Research VolunteerI researched and wrote reports for the program on topics relevant to classes in air and rail safety.  I also participated in and presented my work at conferences hosted by the Department of Homeland Security and the International Society of Air Safety Investigators (ISASI).  My research drew upon data from national transportation safety boards, military services, and anonymous reporting databases, along with civil and military regulations.  This research spanned across several engineering disciplines and the human factors of air safety, especially with unmanned aerial systems (UAS).  I also published a paper in ISASI's quarterly journal (4th Quarter 2011) entitled "Safety Factors Unique to Remotely Piloted Vehicles."
Graduate Aerospace Laboratories, Caltech, Pasadena, CA2010Computational Aerodynamics ResearcherIn this fellowship funded position I assisted research into using actively controlled bleed air through airfoils for aircraft stability and control.  I created a model using complex-number aerodynamics and conformal mapping to simulate a discrete-vortex model of leading-edge separation for flat plates in air flows using the MATLAB computational package.  This computational method permitted accurate predictions of aerodynamic drag and performance while using far fewer computational resources than a traditional computational fluid dynamics program.


NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, CA2009Optical Navigation ResearcherI, with a team of two others, planned, made, and analyzed observations of asteroids and other solar system objects for JPL's optical navigation group.  We calculated highly-accurate coordinates of over 150 Solar System objects, ranging from asteroids to moons of Saturn, using the 24 inch telescope at JPL's Table Mountain Observatory and computational image analysis techniques.  We then provided these ephemerides to JPL mission planners and other astronomers hoping to observe asteroid occultations of stars.  Our work was always well-received, as our team calculated the most accurate such coordinates in the world.
ACE Clearwater Enterprises, Paramount, CA2008Manufacturing Engineering InternThis internship tasked me with organizing ACE Clearwater's database of the hundreds of aircraft parts they currently or previously manufactured.  I verified and edited the master planning and job instructions for each part in question, which occasionally required going to the original blueprints or the factory floor for clarification.  I also checked with management and manufacturers to ensure my changes optimized economy, constructability, performance, and compliance with the company's six-sigma policy.
EDUCATION
University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CAExpected 2016M.S. in Aerospace Engineering
University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA2006-2011B.S. in Aerospace Engineering, Minor in Mathematics
AWARDS, CERTIFICATIONS, & PROFESSIONAL COURSEWORK
? California Professional Engineer License, Mechanical, #370252014? Basic Aircraft Accident Investigation Course, Transportation Safety Institute, U.S. Dept. of Transportation2013? Rudolf Kapustin Memorial Scholarship, International Society of Air Safety Investigators2011? USC Institute for Multimedia Literacy Honors in Multimedia Scholar2006-2011? Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship, California Institute of Technology2010? JPL Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship, California Institute of Technology2009PUBLICATIONS AND CONFERENCES
? Scalese, Daniel R. Recruiting the Next Generation of Air Safety Investigators: Using University Partnerships to Advance Air Safety.  Paper presented at the International Society of Air Safety Investigators 2013 Annual Seminar in Vancouver, British Columbia.
? Scalese, Daniel R. Safety Factors Unique to Remotely Piloted Vehicles: The New Challenges for Air Safety Investigators.  ISASI Forum Oct.-Dec. (2011): 14-16.  Print.                                           Paper presented at the International Society of Air Safety Investigators 2011 Annual Seminar in Salt Lake City, Utah.
? Participated in Greenfield Aviation Security Workshop sponsored by the UK Home Office and the US Department of Homeland Security in August 2010 at the Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, NJ.
PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS? International Society of Air Safety Investigators (ISASI)




