
CAREER OBJECTIVE

Desire a position in the industry that utilizes my work experience of writing in education and social media, to provide value addition to the organization.

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS

2006-2012	Mumbai University.
		Bharathi Vidyapeeth College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai.

		BE Mechanical Engineering (60%)
 		
      Group Project: 'Bottle Blow moulding Machine'
Project involved construction of a Bottle Blow Moulding Machine working on the principle of compressed air being injected into a die to form plastic bottles. 

2003-2006	 Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education.
		Shreeram Polytechnic, Navi Mumbai.
		
      Diploma in Mechanical Engineering (71.08%)
 		
      Group Project: 'Transparent working model of Four Stroke Diesel	Engine'
Project involved study and representation of internal workings of four stroke diesel engine by machining sections in the body of the engine. 
		
Mar 2003	Maharashtra State Board of Secondary Education,
		Vani Vidyalaya High School, Mumbai. SSC (73.33%)

COMPUTING SKILLS

      Proficient at Windows XP, Windows 7 and Office 2003/07. Elementary	knowledge of HTML & PHP/MySQL.
		

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

2013-2015	Praxis Interactive Services Limited
		Instructional Writer.

Worked as an instructional writer for Praxis Interactive Limited. Worked in the educational domain and wrote content for K-12 educational products. My job profile involved writing assessments as well as lessons targeted for specific topics through various grades. 

2011-2013	Techdivine Creative Services
		Social Media Research Consultant.

Worked as a Social Media Research Consultant for Techdivine Creative Services. The firm is involved in digital and social media marketing. My job profile involved writing for the corporate blog, assisting in search engine optimization and managing client accounts on various social media platforms.

2010-2012	Mexus Education.
		Subject Matter Expert / Guide

Worked part time as a volunteer for Mexus education in a yearly CSR initiative by Bayer called "Making Science Make Sense". This camp is conducted across more than 20 schools in Mumbai culminating in a final competition which was held at IIT Powai in 2011 and at the Bayer HO (Thane) in 2012.

ACTIVITES & INTERESTS

Reading, social networking, staying updated with news on science and technology, trekking and other physical activities. 












