


ObjectiveMy goal is to improve and expand my skills through professional experience. My willingness to learn and my technological curiosity makes me a perfect fit for any IT environment.SummaryAs a young IT specialist with experience ranging from retail to food service, I have acquired my skills from three semesters of college and various real-world projects. An enormous portion of my skillset is self-taught; gaining experience through years of research and system configuration.ExperienceSales Floor Team Member, Target
My main department was fresh produce, however I was cross-trained in several departments.
    Accomplishments
? Gained a broad range of sales and customer service skills
? Attained experience stocking and maintaining retail displays
? Achieved two pay raises during my year of employment

Merchandiser, Pepsi Bottling Company
A seasonal job that required travel to various stores across the Minneapolis - St. Paul metro area. Long hours, coupled with difficult and hazardous working conditions gave me an appreciation for hard work.
    Accomplishments
? Worked in a variety of settings, from small family-owned grocery stores to big-box retailers.
? After two months of employment, was offered a full time position. Had to decline due to school, but continued to work weekends during college.EducationInver Hills Community College                                                                                                                      

Attended this school for three semesters including a full-time semester during my Senior year of High School. Due to my relocation to, I am waiting to gain residency in order to complete my degree.Skills? PC building and software configuration with well-rounded knowledge of current hardware
? Laptop/Desktop troubleshooting with experience in Windows, Linux and Chrome OS
? OS Imaging for restoring and duplicating machine states
? Virtual computing with a bias towards Windows and Linux VMs
? Experience using Microsoft Office suite
? Basic Python, HTML, CSS knowledge
