
 EMPLOYMENT
 
 Communications Officer 
 [redacted] College, Oxford 
 December 2013 - date 	

Responsibilities include: Designing, maintaining and delivering presentations and workshops in schools and in College; maintenance and upkeep of the College Website, including creation and removal of pages, redesign of structures where necessary, writing copy and adding news items; cataloguing, photocopying, filing and redistribution of written work during the Admissions period; providing other assistance to the Admissions Officer and Senior Tutor during busy periods; running the Magdalen Outreach Twitter account to provide a presence for College on that platform; advertising and promoting Magdalen College events on social media, including the website; maintenance of internal pages and several Sharepoint accounts. 
 
 Casual Tutor in Medieval English 
University of Oxford 
2013 - date
I teach undergraduates in small groups, focusing mainly on medieval linguistics and literature. 

 Non-Stipendiary Postgraduate Lecturer
University of Leicester
January - December 2011

Responsibilities included: Writing and delivering lectures to undergraduates on various medieval literature topics in line with first year modules on the English degree course. 

Personal Tutor 
Greene's Tutorial College
2008 - 2012 

Over this period I taught GCSE and A-Level English Literature and English Language, both as remedial tutor and as main course tutor. 

EFL Teacher 

I have taught English as a foreign language at various places in Oxford: STS in 2012 and 2013, OISC in 2011. 

 
 
 
 KEY SKILLS

 
I am a competent user of ICT and I am confident in the use of Windows packages such as Word, Works, Excel, Publisher, Autosketch, Adobe Photoshop and Corel Packages.  I am also familiar with the Right Now program, used by several Oxford University departments, and to some extent with ADSS, used by Admissions Operations. I am a highly competent typist, typing at a rate of approximately 100 words a minute. I have worked for the Oxford Student and Cherwell student newspapers in the capacities of reporter and proof-reader, and for online publishing house Musa Press as a content editor and proof-reader. I am well-versed in HTML and capable of basic website design and fairly advanced web content handling and updating. 

EDUCATION

 University of Leicester
PhD English

 Exeter College, Oxford
M.St. English (650 - 1550), 2008 - 2009

St Hilda's College, Oxford 
B.A. English, 2005 - 2008 (2.i)
 


