Kristine	  Fearon	  

Current	  employment	  

User	  Experience	  and	  Accessibility	  Practitioner,	  SimpleUsability,	  Nov	  2013-­‐present	  

Tel:	  01904	  621092;	  Mobile:	  0777	  3629318	  

16	  Paston	  Walk	  
York	  YO23	  1BZ	  
krissf@hotmail.com	  
•  User	  testing	  with	  eye-­‐tracking	  technology	  on	  desktop,	  mobile	  and	  tablet,	  tracking	  what	  a	  user	  
is	  looking	  at	  on	  screen;	  also	  within	  commercial	  spaces;	  
•  Planning	  and	  scripting	  user	  testing	  based	  on	  the	  client’s	  brief	  –	  working	  out	  key	  areas	  of	  
interest	  and	  designing	  tasks	  and	  retrospective	  interview	  questions	  accordingly;	  
•  Moderating	  and	  observing	  user	  testing	  sessions,	  noting	  how	  people	  use	  the	  website,	  where	  
they	  succeed	  and	  where	  they	  have	  difficulty;	  
•  Using	  eye-­‐tracking	  and	  observational	  data	  to	  analyse	  and	  prioritise	  research	  findings;	  
•  Reporting	  and	  presenting	  the	  results	  of	  the	  user	  research,	  including	  constructive	  
recommendations	  to	  help	  client	  web	  teams	  to	  build	  a	  better	  user	  experience	  on	  their	  site;	  
•  Writing	  expert	  reviews,	  heuristic	  analyses	  of	  websites,	  identifying	  areas	  for	  improvement;	  
•  Writing	  heuristic	  accessibility	  audits	  for	  web,	  tablet	  and	  mobile	  sites.	  
2012-­‐13	   MA	  Social	  Research,	  University	  of	  Leeds	  	  (Qualitative	  and	  quantitative	  methods,	  
Evaluation	  research,	  Research	  strategy	  and	  design,	  Dissertation)	  
1995-­‐6	   MPhil	  Publishing	  Studies	  (Distinction),	  University	  of	  Stirling	  	  
1986-­‐91	   BA	  Hons	  Greek	  Studies	  and	  Philosophy	  (IIii),	  Keele	  University	  	  
Subsidiaries	  Psychology	  and	  Physics	  
1978-­‐85	   Two	  A	  levels,	  seven	  O	  levels,	  The	  Lakes	  School,	  Windermere	  	  
CIM	  Certificate	  in	  E-­‐Marketing	  	  
2010	  
Prince	  2	  Foundation	  and	  Practitioner	  Certificates	  	  
2009	  
CIM	  Advanced	  Certificate	  in	  Marketing	  	  
2001	  
•  Project	  managed	  and	  implemented	  key	  projects	  for	  the	  University’s	  website,	  such	  as	  the	  
portal	  for	  undergraduate	  applicants,	  welcome	  pages	  for	  new	  students	  and	  prospectuses;	  
•  Evaluated	  and	  user-­‐tested	  web	  content,	  employing	  techniques	  such	  as	  questionnaires,	  web	  
usage	  statistics,	  SEO	  reports,	  focus	  groups	  and	  observational	  testing;	  

Education	  

Professional	  qualifications	  

Previous	  employment	  	  

Web	  coordinator,	  University	  of	  York,	  1996-­‐2012	  

Production	  assistant,	  The	  Company,	  Jan–Apr	  1995	  

Production	  controller,	  Moondisks	  Ltd,	  Mar	  1994–Jan	  1995	  

Production	  assistant,	  Magazines,	  Hobsons	  PLC,	  Apr–Sept	  1995	  	  

•  Ran	  requirements	  gathering	  for	  web	  design	  projects	  and	  used	  the	  results	  to	  develop	  a	  
website	  information	  architecture;	  
•  Commissioned	  external	  services	  such	  as	  web	  and	  graphic	  design,	  photography	  and	  HTML	  
email	  design,	  monitoring	  budgets;	  
•  Supported	  staff	  in	  restructuring	  and	  rewriting	  web	  content	  to	  meet	  audience	  needs	  more	  
effectively;	  
•  Provided	  guidance	  to	  web	  authors	  on	  policy,	  technical,	  branding	  and	  content	  issues;	  
•  Researched,	  evaluated	  and	  advised	  on	  the	  potential	  of	  new	  web	  technology	  and	  new	  media.	  
An	  educational	  publisher	  specialising	  in	  publications	  on	  post-­‐16	  education	  and	  careers	  options.	  
•  Ordered	  print	  and	  liaised	  with	  printers	  nationwide	  to	  monitor	  magazine	  paper	  usage	  and	  
project	  future	  paper	  demands;	  
•  Coordinated	  reply	  card	  design	  and	  magazine	  insert	  distribution	  operations	  with	  designers,	  
typesetters	  and	  printers.	  
An	  advertising	  agency	  whose	  main	  client	  was	  Ford	  Europe.	  
•  Workflow	  control	  of	  amendments	  to	  multi-­‐lingual	  promotional	  material,	  requiring	  liaison	  
with	  clients	  all	  over	  Europe.	  
A	  start-­‐up	  graphic	  design	  company	  specialising	  in	  educational	  book	  publishing.	  	  
•  Developed	  the	  company's	  business	  processes	  for	  client	  administration	  and	  design	  
production;	  
•  Liaised	  with	  clients	  and	  suppliers,	  eg	  freelance	  illustrators	  and	  proofreaders;	  
•  Production	  work	  to	  support	  a	  design	  team	  of	  four;	  
•  Scanning	  and	  page	  layout	  in	  Quark	  Express.	  
A	  graphic	  design	  company	  specialising	  in	  educational	  publishing	  for	  clients	  such	  as	  Longman,	  
CUP,	  OUP	  and	  Heinemann.	  	  
•  Basic	  production	  work,	  eg	  proofreading,	  checking	  film,	  project	  administration;	  
•  Some	  project	  scheduling	  and	  liaison	  with	  suppliers,	  eg	  translators,	  illustrators.	  
Trustee	  of	  Bike	  Rescue	  (2013	  onwards).	  This	  is	  a	  charity	  which	  refurbishes,	  recycles	  and	  sells	  
unwanted	  bikes,	  promotes	  cycling	  and	  provides	  mechanic	  training.	  
Trustee	  of	  the	  National	  Gamete	  Donation	  Trust	  (2004-­‐2012),	  a	  charity	  which	  recruits	  egg	  and	  
sperm	  donors	  for	  people	  needing	  fertility	  treatment.	  I	  set	  up	  and	  moderated	  the	  donor	  mailing	  
list,	  managed	  and	  wrote	  the	  Trust	  blog,	  updated	  the	  website	  and	  Facebook	  group,	  supported	  
donors	  online	  and	  by	  phone,	  and	  talked	  to	  the	  media.	  	  
Can	  be	  contacted	  before	  interview;	  available	  on	  request.	  

Production	  assistant,	  Ken	  Vail	  Graphic	  Design,	  Oct	  1992–Mar	  1994	  

Other	  interests	  

Referees	  

	  
Research	  techniques,	  for	  example,	  
interviewing	  or	  usability	  testing;	  

research	  and	  evaluation	  techniques;	  

Contextual	  enquiry	  lab-­based	  

Expert,	  competitor	  and	  

Customer	  journey	  and	  persona	  

Persuasive	  report	  writing	  and	  
presenting;	  

comparator	  reviews	  including	  
analytical	  reviews	  and	  evaluations;	  
development;	  
Information	  architecture	  including	  
card	  sorting	  and	  content	  auditing;	  

Concept	  sketching	  and	  

wireframing	  and	  an	  understanding	  
of	  interaction	  design;	  
A	  confident	  communicator,	  as	  
comfortable	  explaining	  the	  value	  of	  
your	  work	  to	  a	  room	  of	  clients,	  as	  you	  
are	  to	  the	  UX	  team.	  

Practical	  experience	  in	  the	  following	  areas:	  
•  Conducting	  research	  interviews	  
•  Running	  focus	  groups	  
•  Eliciting	  IA	  from	  users	  (eg	  within	  a	  focus	  group)	  
•  Writing	  and	  analysing	  questionnaires	  
•  Analysing	  and	  reporting	  on	  web	  analytics	  
	  I	  have	  an	  MA	  in	  Social	  Research	  methods,	  using	  semi-­‐
structured	  active	  interviews	  and	  thematic	  narrative	  
analysis	  for	  my	  research	  project.	  	  
•  Used	  eyetracking	  (Tobii	  and	  SMI)	  for	  mobile	  and	  
desktop	  user	  testing,	  using	  observation	  of	  scenario	  
tasks	  followed	  by	  retrospective	  interviews	  
performed	  while	  replaying	  eyetracking	  video	  at	  key	  
points.	  
•  Research	  takes	  place	  in	  the	  lab,	  on	  client	  premises	  
and	  occasionally	  in	  the	  field.	  
•  In	  user	  testing	  of	  departmental	  websites	  I	  ran	  
observation	  testing	  of	  scenario	  tasks	  with	  
concurrent	  talk	  aloud.	  	  
Experience	  of	  undertaking	  heuristic	  evaluations	  for	  
competitor	  reviews	  and	  in	  adapting	  a	  set	  of	  heuristics	  to	  
evaluate	  a	  different	  sector.	  
Since	  joining	  SimpleUsability	  I	  have	  undertaken	  user	  
testing,	  reported	  and	  presented	  to	  clients	  such	  as	  Jet2,	  
Debenhams,	  Skills	  for	  Care,	  Bennetts	  (part	  of	  BGL	  
insurance)	  and	  ASDA.	  
•  Used	  journey	  maps	  to	  revise	  heuristics	  for	  
benchmarking;	  
•  Used	  focus	  groups	  (both	  of	  students	  and	  information	  
providers)	  to	  develop	  user	  journey	  maps	  for	  a	  
current	  student	  portal;	  
•  Jointly	  created	  a	  set	  of	  personas	  to	  inform	  portal	  
development.	  
•  Undertook	  content	  audits	  for	  academic	  departments	  
moving	  in	  to	  the	  Web	  CMS,	  including	  identifying	  
content	  that	  was	  obsolete,	  out	  of	  date	  or	  needed	  to	  
be	  created.	  
•  Identified	  strategic	  and	  departmental	  requirements	  
and	  used	  them	  to	  develop	  navigation	  and	  content	  
structures	  in	  a	  new	  site.	  
•  Research	  reports	  include	  an	  explanation	  of	  how	  
features	  could	  be	  improved	  together	  with	  good	  live	  
examples,	  or	  sketches.	  
•  From	  accessibility	  testing	  I	  understand	  functional	  
interaction,	  and	  have	  briefed	  developers	  on	  how	  a	  
feature	  should	  work	  using	  a	  particular	  tool,	  eg	  
keyboard	  or	  screen	  reader.	  
I	  regularly	  give	  client	  presentations	  to	  report	  on	  
research	  outcomes,	  including	  addressing	  questions	  
about	  the	  research	  or	  methodology.	  

You	  have	  the	  ability	  to	  learn	  and	  
adapt	  to	  challenging	  briefs.	  

You	  are	  able	  to	  creatively	  shape	  
methodologies	  and	  work	  across	  a	  
range	  of	  UX	  research	  methods	  and	  
tools.	  
experience,	  and	  know	  your	  way	  
around	  basic	  design	  tools	  to	  
support	  sketching	  and	  early	  design	  
prototyping.	  
	  

Agency	  -­	  and	  possibly	  client	  side	  -­	  

Having	  a	  background	  in	  publishing,	  and	  as	  a	  project	  
manager,	  I	  have	  written	  design	  and	  functional	  briefs	  
and	  have	  evaluated	  pitches	  to	  see	  how	  well	  they	  
comply.	  This	  is	  very	  useful	  experience	  for	  determining	  
how	  to	  meet	  a	  brief,	  either	  by	  adapting	  methodology	  or	  
through	  negotiation	  and	  clarification	  with	  a	  client.	  	  
	  For	  example,	  a	  recent	  client	  asked	  for	  a	  pitch	  for	  user	  
testing.	  It	  was	  evident	  from	  the	  brief	  that	  they	  needed	  
competitor	  benchmarking	  and	  requirements	  elicitation,	  
so	  the	  pitch	  offered	  them	  two	  options	  and	  an	  
explanation	  of	  how	  the	  alternative	  could	  meet	  their	  
needs	  more	  effectively.	  
I	  am	  familiar	  with	  a	  range	  of	  UX	  research	  methods	  
including	  ones	  I	  have	  rarely	  or	  never	  used,	  but	  could	  
learn	  if	  it	  suited	  a	  project.	  E.g.	  for	  York’s	  portal	  
development,	  in	  the	  student	  focus	  groups	  we	  used	  a	  
task	  I	  adapted	  from	  Paul	  Adams’	  work	  on	  Google	  Circles	  
to	  identify	  student	  expectations	  about	  who	  they	  would	  
communicate	  with	  using	  a	  student	  portal.	  	  
•  I	  have	  worked	  at	  SimpleUsability,	  a	  UX	  consultancy	  
and	  behavioural	  research	  agency,	  since	  November	  
2013.	  
•  I	  have	  a	  working	  knowledge	  of	  Axure	  and	  Balsamiq	  
for	  developing	  prototypes	  or	  screenshots	  of	  sketches	  
to	  demonstrate	  ideas	  to	  clients.	  

