NAME                     Address line 1           email address 
                                                    Address line 2                    phone number
 
                                                  Town 
                                                    County                              
                                                    POSTAL CODE 

 
 

Graduate and experienced client manager with a broad range of  

administrative skills.  Proactive and resourceful problem-solver, hard 

working  

and reliable.  Creative and adaptable with a passion for travel and a flair  

for design, having completed a BA Hons.DEGREE IN XXX 

Career Highlights 
Inherited a difficult client with high expectations who had previously 
rejected a number of booking coordinators due to dissatisfaction with the 
service he was receiving.  Established a regular team of carers and 
succeeded in restoring his confidence in the company’s ability to deliver his 
care package. 

When confronted with the death of a carer whilst caring for a high-
dependency client, arranged immediate emergency cover and sourced a 
competent assistant who arrived within hours, thus assuring a vulnerable 
client’s well-being in very challenging circumstances. 

While on duty, providing out-of-office hours emergency cover, received a 
call from two carers struggling with a distressed client suffering from 
hallucinations triggered by her dementia.  Advised the carers on the best 
course of action and reassured the client.  Successfully calmed the client 
and the course of action I suggested helped the carers to take control of the 
situation enabling them to complete their week-long assignment. 

Whilst studying, final project was exhibited at the prestigious and well-
regarded Business Design Centre as part of the New Designers’ Exhibition. 

Employment History 
August 2008 – Date 
INSERT NAME OF COMPANY AND JOB ROLE 
NAME OF COMPANY provides a bespoke live-in care service for high 
dependence adults 

• Responsible for a relationship management with a portfolio of 50+ 

clients, ensuring that a high standard of service is delivered 

• Management of client base and their care packages, ensuring the care 

assistants booked are consistent with client preferences 

• Pricing care packages in accordance with an initial visit and risk 

assessments  

• National itinerary planning each week and on an ad-hoc basis to 

ensure a smooth handover between care assistants when changing 
over, and planning each journey on to the next client throughout the 
day. 
Liaison with carers, briefing and supporting with advice and logistics 
Sourcing replacement carers at short notice in the event of 
unexpected cancellations or allegations against carers 

•
•

• Responsible for obtaining feedback from clients and their families and 

proactively addressing any complaints or problems identified 

• Managing communications with a variety of stakeholders including 

social workers and healthcare professionals 

• Responsible for maintaining client records and maintaining the 

database, ensuring standard operating procedures are followed and 
responding to incoming calls 

2005 – 2006  
UNIVERSITY NAME 
An active member on the committee; involved in all aspects of publicity, 
including designing flyers and posters.  Designed the union’s official logo 
and image for their clothing and designing and maintaining two websites. 
Organised and publicised a variety of events from small groups to a live 
music event and group holidays. 

July 2003 –August 2007  
COMPANY NAME AND JOB ROLE 
Working in a busy team, operating checkouts, stocking shelves, store 
presentation and general store assistance. Providing a quality service to 
customers. 

November 2002 – July 2003  
COMPANY NAME AND JOB ROLE 
Working in a small team of people, maintaining customer service to the 
local people, operation of checkouts, maintaining stock, cleaning, and 
assisting in the handling of money and closing at the end of the day. 

INSERT SCHOOLING AND DATES 

Education and Training 

• BA Hons. COURSE / UNIVERSITY 
• NVQ Level 2 Business Administration 
• BTEC Diploma, Foundation Studies: Art and Design 
• 3 ‘A’ levels; Geography, English Literature and Fine Art. 
• 11 GCSEs grades A-C including English Language (B) and Maths (C) 
• CPD training courses: People-Handling, Introduction to Counselling 

Skills, Mental Capacity Act Training, British Sign-Language Workshop, 
Communication Skills and Handling Unexpected Distress on the 
Telephone, Safeguarding Adults and Mental Health First Aid qualified.  
IT literate, confident in the use of MS Office: Outlook, Word, 
PowerPoint, Access and Excel. 

•

• Experience of using Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator, Web 

design 

Interests and hobbies 

• Photography, drawing, painting, social media and fitness. 
• Travelling and reviewing my experiences on Trip Advisor, on which I 

am a Senior Contributor, my reviews have currently been read by over 
15,500 people. International destinations recently visited include; the 
Maldives, New York (for which I planned and researched a full week-
long itinerary), the Amalfi Coast - Italy, Barcelona and Paris. I am also 
looking forward to visiting Marrakech at the end of the year and I am 
currently planning a personal fly-drive around California, Nevada and 
Arizona and a whale-watching trip in Norway.  

Other Information 

• Full UK driving Licence 

21 Mayhew Road  
Rendlesham 
Woodbridge 
Suffolk 
IP12 2GZ 

Thursday 7th August 2014 

To whom it may concern, 

I would like to apply for the role of Travel Coordinator. 

I believe I am the ideal candidate for the above role because of the 
combination of skills and relevant experience I bring.  I am organised, 
efficient and hard working.  In my current role I book care assistants from a 
range of international countries to work for my clients. Although I do not 
currently work in the travel industry a large part of my job involves booking 
itineraries for each weekly handover, including planning travel for care 
assistants using a combination of modes of transport.  I introduce care 
assistants to their clients using a bespoke booking system. Occasionally I 
have helped to plan holidays abroad for clients and their care assistants also 
supplying respite care for those going on holiday. Working both as part of a 
team and individually, my current role requires me to prioritise and remain 
calm under pressure. Last minute problems and emergencies regularly 
occur, requiring adaptability and creative thinking to come up with 
solutions.   

I am confident in ensuring compliance with strict policies and legal 
procedures; this demonstrates my excellent attention to detail.   

Whilst I do not have direct industry experience, I have a passion for travel 
and believe that I have a wide range of transferable skills.   

My application is motivated by the fact that I am keen to progress and need 
a new challenge that will develop me. I am looking for a role where I can 
bring together my client management skills and interest in and passion for 
travel.  

Thank you for taking the time to consider my application; I look forward to 
hearing from you. 

Kind Regards  

Carla Salter 

