Born in Bacau, Romania in 1984. My passions included sociology and psychology, which led me to be inquisitive about local and global events and stories that influenced my life and the others' around me. At 16, I moved to Italy where I studied to work in the tourism industry. After a couple of years working in a travel agency, I decided to undertake a degree course in Photojournalism and Documentary Photography, which brought me to Falmouth University, in Cornwall. As a graduate from the BA(Hons) Press and Editorial Photography I seek new perspectives of personal and professional development in the world of social-communication, activism and art, as I am currently undertaking a change of direction towards research and practical application of ethical and sustainable living with focus upon the local community. As a motivated, versatile individual I am dedicated to empowering people through empathy and humanity. I have an open and friendly presence; interested in connecting with the people I work with and for, I aim to reach the expectations actively and efficiently. Since my graduation I have dedicated myself to a range of voluntary and commissioned community based projects, internationally and locally, in Falmouth and Penryn. These projects combined my knowledge and passion for photography with my desire of empowering people and portraying them in a positive light in the context of their living in their respective communities. You can see a few examples below, in my relevant experience. I am committed and responsible, able to manage my time effectively in order to act efficiently even under pressure. Ready to learn new skills and expanding my field of expertise. I have the ability to deal with challenging deadlines, gained experience in using my own initiative and handling a variety of tasks in order to facilitate a good workflow that will meet the needs of my clients. I have a passion for people and their wellbeing and I am confident communicator in liaising with others for the purpose of achieving the required results. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE I am highly IT literate, Proficient in Adobe Programs: Photoshop, Premier, InDesign and Windows Office: Word, Excel and PowerPoint. May-present 2015: Audio-visual documentation of activities at the Olive Branch Café' in Penryn with the aim of promoting their activities to the wider community through the use of social media. November 2014: Project director in collaboration with CIFAN ASSOCIATION in Chile. Multimedia producer. CIFAN takes care of children who come from families with domestic problems. June-July 2014: Project manager to a self-initiated photography workshop group organised at ANCHOR HOUSE in Falmouth, a daycentre for mental health support. February 2014: Multimedia project created for Source FM local community radio station based in Falmouth. The aim of the film was to demonstrate the inclusivity and diversity aspects of the station towards their continued support towards funding and participation. 2013: Curatorial practice for final year show as a trail exhibition across 11 different venues in Falmouth and editorial experience in the editing and processing of images for the "Go Gylly Go" exhibition, an outdoor photographic exhibition celebrating the athleticism of young people. 2011-2014: Part-Time Cleaner at Falmouth University.(FX Plus) a dedicated team-worker. 2007- 2009: TURIN- ITALY Worked as a travel agent for a small agency, but very passionate about quality services and tailor made tours and traditional or discovery holidays. Here I worked at the front desk, managed bookings and different enquiries as well as doing admin on the side, plus filing archival of paperwork.
