Employment History 

The Marine Hotel, Troon 
A 4-star hotel, spa, restaurant, bar and events space.  Originally hired as a Food & Beverage assistant, a role that covers basics like waiting table & bar work, it quickly developed to cover other departments such as events, reception, cellar, maintenance and concierge duties. Strong product knowledge is needed to be successful in this kind of role, to drive sales and satisfy any questions that might be asked. Making recommendations and driving sales can see takings in the bar go from £900 to over £1500 on good nights, and see a tip boost of 10%-30% on sales where recommendations have been made. Having attended the companies Bar Champion training, staff training duties are now part of the role; wine training and food matching, how to offer products based on customer needs and other bar related training to ensure a high standard of service is provided to guests. 

Savage Island, OPUK, Glasgow 
An online hunting and outdoor pursuits equipment shop, based on Amazon.co.uk and eBay.co.uk. A small fast growing online retailer, with a large and growing range of products specializing in hunting and outdoor pursuits equipment on Amazon.co.uk and eBay.co.uk. The role in this company covered many aspects of the business.  
Projects 
Amazon product update 
This First project saw over two thirds of our products, including variations, on amazon have their details and images updated and edited to meet the standard for “Top Sellers” on amazon. This ensured that company account remained open, as without these updates it would have been closed a loss of £1.8 million annually, it also helped to drive sales as more usable search and better product detail made them easier to find for buyers. 
The Paper Chase 
A sell initiated project to “upgrade” the paper based system most of the company ran on to more efficient computer based systems, mostly through using spreadsheets and cloud synchronizing. Returns for example, used previous paper based weekly system that saw loss of stock, resolution deadlines not met and poor customer feedback. Implementing a quick spreadsheet based returns routine to the daily schedule improved customer feedback improved, saw less loss of stock and improved customer satisfaction. 
Customer Service Department 
This resulted in all customer service and contact being incorporated into the role, which saw a steady monthly increase in customer satisfaction of 2%-6% and the average negative monthly feedback fall from 14-18 a month to 2-4 a month. This directly affected the system Amazon/eBay use to rate its sellers, and shows the buyer that you are a trusted seller with a history of satisfied customers. 
Marketing 
Again using spreadsheets and some simple formulas to present sales data we were able to identify high/low performing products, products which sold in trends, or sold with other products. This allowed us to create more targeted product groups, seasonal offers and provide customers the best deals. 
This role saw a small online retailer with and average seller score and mixed reviews to a warehouse shipping company expanding its product range from 2000+ products to 7000+ products with 5 star ratings. 

The Corinthian Club, Glasgow 
Working as part of the most recognised team within G1group, The Corinthian Club Events & Functions team, excellent communication skills and the ability to meet and exceed customer expectations Where key. Eventually given the responsibility of running one of the livelier events suites in the venue, helping to secure return bookings and orders. 

Other work experience 
Fullartons, Troon – Local bar and eatery. Position: Front of house, key holder. 
MacCallums of Troon, Oyster Bar – Well established seafood restaurant. Position: Front of House.  
NEXT, Glasgow – High street fashion outlet. Position: temporary sales staff. 
Scott’s bar & Restaurant, Troon - seaside seafood restaurant and bar. Position: Front of House. 
The Velvet Apple, Troon – Deli Bistro and Gastro Bar providing local high quality produce and kitchenware. Position: Bar Supervisor, key holder. 
Haven Holidays Craig Tara, Ayr – Family resort. Position: Bar Staff. 
The Marina Café, Troon – Seaside café and pizzeria. Position: Senior Staff. 

Education and Core Skills 
BSc Interactive Media Development – Focusing on graphic design, web design and animation. 
Personal Alcohol Sales Licence + 5 Year top-up training – Registered in South Ayrshire 
HNC Computer Games Development 
Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certification 

High level of computer competencies: Office software, Creative software, familiar with both windows and OSX systems, internet research and social media skills. 