
Key Skills 
My skills include being adept in organization and communication due to working in an office environment that requires communication with fellow employees regarding difficult matters. I am a well practised team player with experience of working in small groups within a larger workplace, but with the ability to take the initiative and work on my own when the situation calls for it.
Skills I have achieved from my education and previous positions include good sales knowledge, and proficient computer knowledge in Sage and all Microsoft programs.

Employment History
August 2014 to Present

Tinting Operative

September 2012 to December 2013

Storesperson
Skilled in receiving all incoming goods and placing them appropriately. Demonstrated ability to adherence to safe working practices and procedures. Hands-on experience in complex warehousing methods. Well versed in inventory management systems. Communicated between departments to ensure orders were filled correctly. 
April 2012 to June 2012

Mortgage Case Owner
At my role was to verify mortgage applicants documents, assess their validity and update their cases with their most accurate data. I had to contact brokers to ask for the correct documentation so that their case could continue.
November 2011 to February 2012

Operations Administrator
At stockbrokers my duties included entering data onto batches for transfer of stock between brokers, locating and correct any data entry errors, handling telephone and e-mail queries from colleagues and clients regarding data, and carrying out various administration tasks like, cheque handling, photocopying, filing and post.
July 2009 to September 2011

Cashier
Whilst in full time education studying my AAT qualification I was cashier at Tesco where I did cash handling and customer service.
Education 

GCSEMathsFrenchDouble ScienceEnglishBusiness StudiesHistoryEnglishAS levelPhysicsGeologyMathsChemistryA levelMathsChemistry

AAT Intermediate (NVQ level 2)
 IAB Qualification in Computerized Bookkeeping

Interests 
My interests include reading fiction and both using and maintaining computers. Socially, I regularly visit the cinema and enjoy film culture with my friends and family. I also have and interest in falconry and take part when I can.
References available on request.
