Profile
I am a determined and highly motivated person with extensive knowledge of the hospitality and customer service industry who is looking for a new challenge in which I can use the varied set of skills I have gained in my current and previous roles.
These include excellent organisational and communication skills, experience of working with budgets, payroll and expenses, the ability to multitask under pressure and a passion to learn and excel in whatever I apply myself to.
Experience
Restaurant Supervisor, Cafe Rouge (Tragus Group); London - 2011-Current

Daily running of a busy restaurant in Central London, working to increase sales and control costs and labour.

Experience of working with payroll, budgets, P&L and processing expenses.

Ensuring a high level of customer service and satisfaction.

Dealing with and resolving customer complaints in a friendly and efficient manner.

In charge of staff training and health and safety within the restaurant.

Responsible for local marketing during the Christmas period which involved liaising with local businesses, developing a relationship with them and ensuring return custom throughout the year.

Waitress/Restaurant Supervisor, Cafe Rouge -  2007-2011

Interacting with customers on a daily basis ensuring they receive fantastic service.

Using organisational skills to work well under pressure in a busy environment.

Working as part of a team to meet daily sales targets.

Assisting in the recruitment and training of staff at a new site in the chain.

Completed courses in Food Safety, Fire Safety Management and Health & Safety.

All references are available on request
Education & Training
2014 City Lit, London          						Short course in Graphic Design & Illustration
2014 Training Dragon, London						         Short course in HTML5 & CSS3   
2004 - 2007 University of Wales, Aberystwyth                                                 BA (Hons) Film & Television
1997 - 2003 Denbigh Secondary School, Milton Keynes                                  A-Levels in Media, Psychology and Business
Skills
Competent user of PC & Mac
Microsoft Office - Word, Excel & Powerpoint
Adobe Photoshop & Dreamweaver - Intermediate user
Interests
I am very interested in web design/development having taken a short course in the subject and am now teaching myself online with the aim of being able to create beautiful fully functional sites. 
I enjoy travelling, visiting other countries and cultures; In 2004 & 2010 I backpacked around the world solo working in both Australia & New Zealand.
Running has become a passion for me, going from not being able to run for 2 minutes in early 2013, to enjoying 10k runs and a dream to run in the London Marathon.