Curriculum Vitae


A hard working, team player with good communication skills excellent listening skills and the ability to recruit, inspire and manage volunteers as well as the planning, execution and evaluation of community based projects.

Skills and Experience
I have 17 years of experience working within the Church of England which has given me many transferable skills.
I am a capable team leader, can organise activities and events well for a variety of audiences.
I have worked with all sorts of people from many different backgrounds, including Older People, Vulnerable Adults, Children and families as well as people with complex issues such as debt, addiction, employment issues, homelessness, disability and autism.
I have a lot of experience in setting up new projects and evaluating them as they run, I have successfully established three new Christian communities in different parts of the country and these skills of planning, implementation, organisation and evaluation are extremely useful. 
I enjoy working directly with people and can build relationships quickly with people of all ages and situations.
I am IT literate and am able to use Microsoft Office as well as Linux based applications.
I have experience of record keeping and enabling others to make plans for their next steps.
I am experienced at using Motivational Interviewing to enable others to move towards change. 
My greatest strength is my ability to listen to others.

Employment
Pioneer Minister    (2010-2015)

Build a team and plan, organise and implement activities in the local area to serve the community.

Mission And Ministry Development Officer (2004-2010)
Identify, train and deploy volunteers to projects serving the local community.
Plan and organise community based activities.

Churches Together Facilitator (2001-2004)

Encourage local people to be involved in the community through various activities.

Minister For The West Flank
Plant a new Christian community in an area of new housing.
Establish a team of volunteers.
Plan, organise and implement various community based activities.

Education
Ripon and York St John (Leeds University): Diploma in evangelism studies (1998, pass)
West Sussex Institute of Higher Education: Degree in Religious Studies &Education (1993, 2.2)
Holy Trinity Senior School, Halifax:  A Levels in English & Religious Studies
Holy Trinity Senior School, Halifax:  O Levels in English, Maths, Biology, French, RE, History

Other Training
Supervision, Coaching & Mentoring Course
Mentoring Adults Course
The Art of Spiritual Accompaniment (Listening Course)
Leadership and Teamwork Course
Introduction to British Sign Language
Hobbies and Interests
Reading novels and crime fiction.
Cooking and baking cakes.
Running and Yoga.
Meditation and Mindfulness.







