B.Eng PRINCE2 PMP ITIL
| Yorkshire & North Midlands

Personal Summary
I am a business focused IT Management Consultant with extensive experience in Project Management and significant Security Management exposure.  I have delivered core infrastructure, security, and application projects during many assignments within defence, government, and manufacturing sectors.  I am a quick learner of bespoke tools and processes and I get things done. I enjoy fixing broken projects and delivering within ambitious constraints.  I have a professional, pragmatic, and flexible attitude to work, and can adapt to different ways of working.

Project Management summary

The bulk of my experience has been in the management of all project delivery and governance aspects from initiation and planning through execution and monitoring to closure ensuring business benefits are realised.  To win new business I have produced Statements of Work as part of bid opportunities involving planning, estimating, definition of roles and responsibilities, pricing, and commercials for presentation to clients.  The majority of my projects have required engagement of often geographically dispersed internal and external suppliers, motivating the combined team, and building key relationships to deliver the project against the baselined project schedule.  Managing risks, issues, and where necessary initiating corrective action plans is part of my normal day, as is the production of management information reports to communicate status and garner stakeholder support.  I am adept in the use of tools such as Microsoft Project and other applications in the Office suite.

Engagements

Project Manager (Infrastructure and SAP Applications)
HP Enterprise Services: Rolls-Royce account | Derby | Sept'12 - June'15
I was engaged to rescue a failing project and successfully deliver it to go-live to enable the customer to meet key milestones.  The project (Global Technical Publications application) had stalled as no agreeable project contract had been produced.  I quickly turned this situation around and brokered a mutually agreeable Statement of Work which meant HP could deliver to Rolls-Royce timescales and budgetary expectations. I then went on to deliver the project meeting the customer's critical go-live milestone.

Shown to have proven myself as someone who can get things done, I was asked to deliver a second project (establishing the infrastructure for a new financial system; Hyperion) which had stalled due to lack of project management and technical lead resource.  I worked closely with financial stakeholders to ensure the project passed successive project governance gates which resulted in successful project delivery and migration to the new system.

The third project I delivered was in the Supply Chain section of the business and involved integrating the SAP GTS module to a SAP ERP system thereby protecting Rolls-Royce against export compliance penalties. Having had no prior experience in SAP I invested time and effort in self-study to gain a good grounding in SAP infrastructure and SAP Basis.





Interim Project Manager
HP Enterprise Services: DII(F) account | Reading | May'12 - August'12
I was engaged to perform interim delivery of a tool to automate system administrator tasks.  During the handover I unearthed the reality of the project's condition and by establishing a supportive working relationship with key delivery stakeholders I uncovered the root cause of project slippage.  I had to quickly learn the essentials of a bespoke engineering delivery process to devise and commence implementation of a correction plan.  I then handed the remaining delivery activities to a permanent staff member.

Infrastructure Security Project Manager (Nuclear Submarines Programme)
HP Enterprise Services: Rolls-Royce account | Derby | June'11 - March'12

I was engaged to deliver a security remediation project comprising a disparate range of activities across the submarines estate to support the accreditation of the submarines network.  A customer facing role, this required good stakeholder management where I built trusted relationships with key stakeholders to aid project delivery and conflict resolution.

Infrastructure Project Manager - Security Portfolio
Fujitsu Professional Services: DfT-DVLA account | Swansea | May'10 - June'11

I delivered a portfolio of infrastructure and security remediation projects ensuring customer engagement to support Fujitsu's status as service partner of choice.  This was a high pressured and highly controlled environment where I exercised good stakeholder management.  Acting as the interface between security and service support teams I resolved conflicting agendas to enable the execution of penetration testing and remediation work on platinum service systems. I delivered the following Projects:
* Penetration Testing projects; Unix, Wintel, Windows, Payment, Storage, desktops
* System remediation projects; bespoke applications
* IDS/IPS Deployment; Imperva WAF Web Application Firewall

System Security Officer (Secure Gateway Projects)
BT Global Services: MoD account | Leeds & UK | June'05 - Mar'10

I combined the roles of System Security Officer and Project Manager to provide information security assurance and deliver new functionality and technology refresh for the MoD's primary internet gateway.  The role also involved coaching a permanent security manager, systems manager and covering for service delivery manager. I delivered the following Projects:
* Email and Web Content Inspection enhancements and Anti-Virus upgrade; McAfee
* Intrusion Detection System (IDS) Expansion; Sourcefire
* Boundary Firewall Migration; Juniper (Netscreen), Check Point 
* Interim delivery of Email Technology Refresh; Sendmail

BT Global Services: MoD | Security Consultant | Leeds & UK | Feb'03 - Nov'05
Liberata: Sheffield City Council | Network Security Engineer | Sheffield | Nov'02 - Jan'03
Schlumberger Sema: Internal Project | Security Consultant | London | Apr'02 - Nov'02
BT Ignite: Internal Projects | Internet Hosting Engineer | Sheffield | June'00 - Feb'02
Deloitte & Touche: Sheffield City Council | Network Engineer | Nov'98 - May'00
Sheffield Hallam University | Cisco LAN / WAN Network Engineer | Aug'92 - Nov'98


