CURRICULUM VITAE

xxx


Email: xxx
Mobile: xxx


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

xxx University, School of Humanities & Social Science
May 2008 to Present                                                                                             
Programme Administrator for English, Research, Exams & Disability.

In my current job at the University, I enjoy working with Students, Academics and visitors in my varied & busy role. I ensure all are treated with fairness and without prejudice or bias. I thrive on being efficient, organised and creative.  I have a confident sense of awareness and apply this to the prioritisation of my tasks. I am an important link between students & Academic staff. I am familiar with University procedures and conversant with UMF Regulations, and am proficient in using in-house systems (OSS/Oracle Discoverer/CRM database) and Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Access, Powerpoint, Outlook, Internet, Email etc). My role requires effective communication, self-motivation and multi-tasking, which I do confidently.
I oversee the School's Research/ PHD Student administration including new student applications and Academic funding bids, which has to be timely and precise. I advise the staff and students on post-graduate processes, assessments, fees, bursaries and enrolment.
For the English programme, I provide administrative support and advice to Students and Academics regarding all areas of the course such as diary management for Academics, module information, timetables, assessments,  class lists and reports. I input assignment marks online, organise meetings, take minutes to maintain accurate records, and liaise with the Finance Officer for travel, field trips & hospitality bookings.
During the Examination periods, I am responsible for securely preparing exam papers & publishing timetables, booking rooms, providing stationery & invigilation, liaising with external examiners, whilst being equipped for any last-minute changes. In conjunction with this, I manage the Disability Register (database), which means liaising with Welfare, Staff & Students to provide students with their special requirements in a sensitive & confidential manner. 
On a daily basis, I represent the University either at the Reception Desk, by email or phone. I provide support for all academic & administrative staff, students & visitors with their needs with regards to general enquiries, enrolment, coursework submissions (online & hardcopies) and the return of marked work to students within the set turnaround time. I train new  admin staff members when required, maintain various files, order office furniture & stationery, and sort post. Above all, I take pride in my work, and have an amicable, yet professional, rapport with my colleagues and students.



Xxx Power Company Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire - Feb 2005 - April 2008
Billing & Complaints Administrator

My role covered all areas of billing administration within a Utilities company, particularly resolving customer complaints, using in-house financial database systems (such as ICS, FMS, CIB for account information, and Netbank / Tallyman for billing/debt collection), and all areas of Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Outlook). Responsibilities included calling customers or working with spreadsheets & databases, maintaining consistent service, problem-solving with initiative, amending accounts to reflect accuracy, researching energy history using archives, meeting deadlines, liaising with other teams and the customer in order to keep accounts current and correct. I worked under pressure on large volumes of work within a small team on a busy floor where our main objectives were solving complaints, and giving advice such as setting up manageable payment plans for billing arrears. 

Xxx Car Repairs, Cheadle, Staffordshire - June 2002 - Dec 2004
Customer Sales Administrator

My duties included taking incoming sales calls for a car parts manufacturing company, providing information on stock availability, plus general administration duties such as filing, faxing, and maintaining the receipts archive. Thorough product knowledge and consistent communication with warehouse operatives and goods drivers was paramount.

xxx Mobile Phone Repair Co., Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire - May 2001 - May 2002
Administrator

In a fast-paced, high-output environment, I was required to check repaired phones & accessories were complete, close details on the system, package, and send out to the customer. Strong attention to detail and speed were essential skills.

RECENT SKILL TRAINING

2008 - Present 
* Assessment Board Administration
* Effective Minutes & Agendas
* Equality & Diversity in the Workplace
* Oracle Discoverer & E-Business Suite
* CRM Database
* Clearing & Enrolment
* Data Protection / Bribery Act
* Fire Safety Warden
* SIS Training
* First Aid

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS

1996 - 1999	xxx University
		HND Film & Media Studies
		Cert HE French

1991 - 1996	xxx Grammar School, N.Yorkshire
		A-Levels - General Studies (A) English Literature (C) Geography (C) French (C)
		GCSEs - English Literature (A*) German (A*) French (A*) English Language (A) 				  Geography (A) History (B) PE (B) Maths (C) Science (C*)

HOBBIES & INTERESTS

My interests include media forms, social science, travel culture and languages. I also enjoy electronic music production, am currently teaching myself the ukulele, and am a qualified holistic therapist.


REFEREES

Xxx xxxx 

