
 Personal Profile
An accomplished copywriter with excellent linguistic and analytical skills gained in my degree, BA (Hons) Classics (Latin and Ancient Greek). Accustomed to paying attention to fine detail and working to multiple tight deadlines in creating own resources.
During the past three years, I have dedicated myself to my personal style and fashion blog which now has an extensive readership of over 1000 followers. As a result of this, I am skilled in using social media as a form of advertisement (including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+) and SEO. My content has previously been featured in my university's paper and various company blogs, including sponsored posts with strategically placed links in my own blog. Subsequently I have managed to build up various working relationships with individuals within several PR agencies and brands around the UK.
I am currently expanding my professional development by working on a Copywriting course at The Writers Bureau. 

 Skills
* Experienced in social media, SEO and Google Analytics.
* Experienced in use of blogger platforms: Blogger and Wordpress.
* Ability to produce and edit content under tight and conflicting deadlines.
* Confident in communicating within a team and public speaking situations.
* Proofreading with attention to fine detail.
* Experienced in use of IT: Powerpoint, Word, Excel
 Employment
 Durham School - Teacher of Classics (2012- current)
I work in a highly commended academic department at this independent school. As well as creating all my own resources for lessons, I have duties in extracurricular activities such as helping the students with the school magazine and supervising evening and bedtime duties in the boarding house. I have expanded key skills in proof reading by marking work from KS3 up to A Level as well as communication skills by working effectively with colleagues and with students from a range of abilities.
 Newcastle Courier Student Newspaper - Fashion Writer and Photographer (2011-2012)
Duties included producing articles including my own photography of a high standard to the editor on time.
 Student Fashion Blog (http://studentfashionblog.co.uk/) - Fashion Writer (2011-2012)
Providing written content and reviewing clothes was my first experience of writing for a fashion site professionally.
 Clear Links Ltd. - Note Taker (2010 - 2011), Transcription Facilitator (2011-2012)
This role entailed meeting clients and accompanying them to their lectures to take concise, accurate notes. As Transcription Facilitator I typed up the notes taken from a client's lectures and proofread before returning to client.
 Thomas of York Ltd - Confectionery Production (2009-2011), Office Administrator (2010-2011)
My office role included inputting figures into the computer system for orders and taking telephone calls. I also had responsibility for proof reading and typing up handwritten letters for the General Manager. Subsequently I have produced and proofread written content for this company for their website which has also been featured on my blog.
 
 Education
 Newcastle of University-upon-Tyne, June 2012: BA (Hons) Classics (2:1).
 Ampleforth College (2004-2009):	 A Levels: Latin (A), Greek (A), English (A - taken a year early). (Prior introduction of A* at A level).
Additional AS Levels: History (A), Religious Studies (B).
12 GCSEs (A*-A).
