EDUCATION2008 - 2011	University of Wales, Aberystwyth	
Bachelor of Arts, English Literature and Creative Writing
* 2.1
2006 - 2008	Hereford Sixth Form College
A Levels
* English Language and English Literature: Grade B. Government and Politics and French, Grade C. WORK EXPERIENCE2013 - 2015	The Custard Factory	Birmingham
PR and Marketing Assistant
* Social media, web copy, copy-writing, website maintenance, PR, liaising with tenants, managing and attending networking events, events, company blog, newsletter, press releases, tenant liaisons, media monitoring, marketing strategy,  
2010 - 2015	Caramel Latte Kiss	
Creator, writer and editor
* Personal blog - covering lifestyle and cosplay. Marketed with social media and blogger events. 
2012 - 2013	Farpoint Developments	Bath
Sales and Marketing Administrator
* Marketing plans, advertising, administration of salary exchange scheme, liaising with clients, social media
2011 - 2012	The Courtyard Centre for the Arts	Hereford
Press and Marketing Officer
* Writing press releases, arranging interviews, liaising with promoters, acts and the press, running press events, coordinating advertising, media monitoring, social media, general promotions
2010 - 2011	JD Wetherspoon	Hereford/Aberystwyth
Bar and Floor Associate
* Bar work, waitressing, staff training
2007 - 2008	Off The Wall Gifts and Gallery	Hereford
Sales Assistant
* Sales, stock control, liaising with artists and suppliers, cashing up, attending trade fairs and open evenings, displaysSKILLSMy role at The Custard Factory has increased my social media skills significantly, with an increase of nearly 6000 likes on Facebook and around 10000 followers on Twitter in my year and a half here. I'm an avid user of Twitter both in my work and personal life, and am familiar with the use of other social media channels, such as Pinterest. I am also responsible for The Custard Factory's weekly newsletter, which goes out to around 3000 people. I manage a monthly networking event for tenants, provide PR support for tenants and our own Sales and Events teams. This has taught me to respond effectively to a variety of needs and tasks and to turn round work on short notice.
At Farpoint, I was partly responsible for running Techbenefits, our Salary Exchange Scheme. This involved dealing with large and important clients, so I am confident at working with a variety of people. I had to have a good eye for detail, as I often dealt with high value orders and shipping. 
While at The Courtyard, I completed a three day Arts Marketing course through the AMA, which taught me effective ways to create and implement a marketing plan. I write clearly, having written for my university and college newspapers and online publications such as AWOT UK, as well as using my writing skills in my day-to-day work. During my time at The Courtyard, I was responsible for all press coverage and saw the amount of published articles increase significantly.
I enjoy working in a team, and have an OCN Qualification in Peer Support. I line-managed an intern as part of my role at The Courtyard, which was a new challenge for me, but one I felt I rose to. As well as my own work, I set tasks and managed her time. I also work well alone, and am able to manage my own time efficiently and work well to deadlines. I'm confident in presenting, as while at The Courtyard I often led on projects in team meetings and spoke about the venue to visiting guests. 
My time working for JD Wetherspoon taught me to stay calm in a fast-paced working environment and how to keep a cool head in stressful situations. I also react well to any unexpected issues that may arise; I am able to stay calm and deal with the situation accordingly. INTERESTSI write in my personal life as well as at work. I often enter writing competitions in both poetry and fiction, and was published in Forward Poetry's Endless Love collection. My personal blog was shortlisted for the Bath In Fashion South West Blogger Award 2013. 
I am passionate about the Arts, particularly dance. I am currently taking classes in Lindy Hop, and often go to watch professional companies. I enjoy live theatre and musicals. I am currently teaching myself photography, and enjoy reading, running and Pilates too. 
