Curriculum Vitae






Employment History


Bank Staff Nurse 


I provide cover on wards and other departments as required. This time period has included an 18 month post on a busy surgical ward and a 2.5 year long office-based assignment where I organised ambulance transport for patients returning home and was responsible to taking and logging all GP referrals into a major hospital.


2002 - 2006
ASDA 


Whilst undertaking a degree in nursing I worked in ASDA, on a part time basis, as a store colleague.


1996 - 2003
During this time I undertook various fixed-term community-based posts. These included running a Carers Support Group in        , a Befriending Project in              and a salaried post with the Citizens Advice Bureau. 
    During this time I gained a great deal of management and personnel management experience.



1992 -1996
Assistant Community Development Worker


I was involved in all aspects of the Community Centre's activities. I left this post when I relocated to Glasgow






Education

2003 - 2006
Batchelor of Nursing (Distinction)


2000
European Computer Driving Licence

1993 - 1996
BA in Social Policy (Hons)


1995
Access to Higher Education course in the Humanities



Skills and Interests

I am outgoing, confident, friendly and adaptable. I have always enjoyed working with people and have developed well-honed communication, listening and time-management skills. I am able to produce written work to a high standard, prioritise and meet deadlines and am proficient in a number of IT applications. I am an accurate keyboard operator and enjoy telephone-based work.

I am a car owner and hold a full British driving licence.

I have wide-ranging interests. These include reading, participating in a reading group, swimming, travel, current affairs, taking walks in the country, wildlife and nature. I currently volunteer in a local charity shop.

I am keen to move away from nursing into more office-based activities.

References can be provided as required.





