

Personal Profile:

An individual with a wealth of experience in financial capability and empowering people to manage their finances, outstanding communication skills and dedication to excellence means I am effective at any given task.  Excels at project management and an individual who looks for solutions not dwelling on problems, which means expectations are consistently exceeded.

Key Skills and Experience:

* Devise and implement national strategy for personal finance education
* Work to tight deadlines and deliver on large scale projects ahead of timescale and under budget.
* Identify the needs of clients, planning, writing and delivery of courses/lessons 
* Vastly experienced at working with vulnerable groups including PRU's, Prisons, Young offenders charities, Youth training centres, 
* Trained by CCCS to train and manage over 300 MoneySense debt management advisers.  Invited to meet with David Cameron to discuss the national MoneySense Adviser project.


Career History:

Director - Financial Education Solutions Ltd                        April 2014 - Present
Support, planning, training and delivery of financial education.  Working with a variety of  schools, colleges and organisations including CAB,  ILMT (Illegal Money Lending Team),  EBP's and Hull Training and Adult Education Children and Family Services.  

Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBSG)                                   July 1985 - April 2014
       
Regional MoneySense and Community Engagement Manager  
Responsibility for national personal financial education programme.. Managed team of staff to train teachers and deliver lessons on financial capability working with over 500 schools including Primary, Secondary, Colleges and Universities.   Worked with the Welsh Assembly to provide personal finance lessons across Wales.   Responsibility for national project for 100 school banks in deprived areas in line with Thoreson review.   Prepared and delivered budgeting sessions for councils, housing associations and charities.  Organised and presented conferences with over 100 schools in attendance.




Area Manager Branch Banking
Area Manager of four NatWest branches, responsibilities included recruitment and performance management of all staff.  Monitoring management information to exceed sales, service, control and compliance targets  

Branch Banking
Various Roles in local NatWest branches including Sales and Service Manager, Chief Cashier, Complaints Handling Manager.  Area MoneySense Manager - set up a network of staff working with schools, which became the template for the national team.

 Continuous Professional Development:

CAB - Financial Capability training skills course           2014
NSAFS - Money for Life - Teach Others                                2014
STEM Ambassador training                                                      2013
Media Training Chrissie Smith (ex BBC) 2010
FSA Money made clear	                                                        2009
CCCS (Step change)                                                                       2008
Managing Underperformance                                                  
Managing Change
Train the Trainer

Volunteering/Other:

Board member/Volunteer
East Midlands Financial Capability Forum              
FAAD                                                                                         

West Midlands Financial Inclusion
Stoke FIG Group
Lincoln Financial Inclusion

My Home Finance Board  - West Midlands
Not for profit organization offering affordable credit and money advice

STEM Ambassador
Working with Derbyshire EBP 

School Governor 
Highfield Hall Primary School  - 2000 - 2009
St Mary's RC Catholic High School  - 2006- Present
