Joe Bloggs - CV
Address and contact details here...

Profile
Graduate experienced in information technology, strongly customer-focused, presentations, office management, website design/editing, welfare initiatives, administration inc. extensive proof reading/editing, promotions and communications. Hard working, ambitious and resourceful.


Job Details
DWP Assistant Officer
June 2008 - present day
Working at DWP as a customer service professional. Worked with benefits: working and child tax credits, administration and customer assistance. Also worked in self assessment, taxes and debt management.
Whilst working at DWP I participated in the Princes Trust-DWP Volunteer link for 3 months: helping young people find jobs in the community. Received a 'Simply Thanks' award from DWP last year for my performance in my post and a bonus via the Reward and Recognition scheme.

Geek Squad Blackberry Technician
November 2007 - May 2008
Promoted within organisation from Talk Talk to Geek Squad. Support for mobile technologies. Giving assistance to business users of handheld devices, computer desktops and company servers. Editor of national Geek Squad publication. Supervising. Web design. Database management.

Virgin Media Broadband Troubleshooter 
March 2007 - November 2007
Providing support for both business and residential customers re: network connectivity, internet access, faults, etc. Balanced targets: customer expectation and business targets. Also trained new recruits, provided training materials, provide management/supervisor cover and work on projects that would encourage business expansion.

Telewest Billing Help Desk Assistant
February 2006 - December 2006 
Providing front line support to Telewest customers, regarding financial enquiries. Dealing with database work and escalations. Extensive complaint handling. 

President of The University of Dundee Students' Association (F/T) 
July 2004 - July 2005 
Managed a large team who turned the centre into one of Dundee's most popular licensed venues, which also incorporates an arts/cinema space and welfare centre. 


Public Relations Project
June 2003 - September 2003 
At the Lews Castle College, Stornoway through the Shell Oil Company "Step" scheme; 3rd year undergraduates given the opportunity to undertake a project, in my case: a mini CD-ROM prospectus.

Research Assistant
June 2002 - September 2002 
Research Assistant to James Wilson MSP and Gregory House MP in Western Isles Parliamentary Constituency office. Primarily providing assistance to members of the public and their issues.


Education
Dundee University 
BA Sociology
September 2001- May 2004 
 (and also completed a short course in Journalism)

Inverness High School
August 1997 - June 2001
Scottish Highers Religious Studies, Grade A
Scottish Highers Modern Studies, Grade B
Scottish Highers Art & Design, Grade C
Scottish Highers English, Grade C
8 Standard Grades 


Hobbies
Hiking, computing, camping, reading, golf.


References

Fred Barnes
Head of Pacesetter
DWP
65 Explorer Road
Dundee Technology Park
Dundee
DD2 1BR
	
Iain Johnson 
Head of Business Studies
Lews Castle College
Stornoway
HS2 0LQ
