 ¦ Archaeologist
Mr.   has ten years of experience working in all phases of archaeological excavation and reporting. His specializations include both prehistoric and historic contexts in the Middle Atlantic, New England, and Midwest regions. He has extensive knowledge of laboratory analysis and archival preparation techniques for prehistoric and historic artifacts, and has experience with in-field GPS devices.
SELECTED PROJECT EXPERIENCE BY STATE
Delaware

Harrington Spray Irrigation Disposal Site - Phase IB
Kent County, DE
2008
Conducted shovel test excavation and walking surveys at the historic Blessing Farm.  The survey resulted in the confirmation of the 19th and 20th century occupation as well as the identification of two distinct prehistoric occupation loci.

Illinois

Rockies Express Pipeline - Phase III
Pittsfield, IL
2008
Excavated Phase III prehistoric upland occupation site, including structural, hearth, storage, and tool production areas. Analysis included tool microanalysis and storage vessel lipid testing to assess local faunal resources utilized for food and hides. Conducted in advance of Rockies Express - East natural gas pipeline installation.

Michigan

DTE Vector Pipeline - Phase IB
Macomb County, MI and Oakland County, MI
2014 
Conducted shovel test excavations and walking surveys along 55 miles of the proposed corridor for the Vector natural gas pipeline to assess the sensitivity of a rural area.








New Jersey

Thompson Park Federal Road Fields Wetland Mitigation Project - Phase IB
Middlesex County, NJ
2015
Performed shovel test excavations in a rural, nineteenth-century industrial area in advance of state-funded wetlands management activities intended to remove invasive species and support native flora and fauna of the New Jersey Pinelands Spotswood Outlier region.

Oldmans Creek Freshwater Wetland Enhancement and Riparian Zone Restoration Project - Phase IB
Salem County, NJ
2015
Performed shovel test excavations in a prehistorically sensitive rural area in advance of state-funded wetlands restoration intended to remove invasive species, discontinue agricultural use and replace with native species.

Allied Textile Printing Site Cultural Research Investigation - Phase II
Paterson, NJ
2010
Investigated the 19th century remains of the Colt Gun Mill, Mallory Mill, Passaic Mill, and Todd Mill within the Allied Textile Printing complex, part of America's first planned industrial community. Conducted trenching and unit excavation to map mill raceways and architectural progression. Performed in conjunction with Hunter Research.

Williams Natural Gas Pipeline - Phase IB
Hunterdon County, NJ
2011
Conducted shovel test excavations along an existing gas pipeline through landforms varying from low to high probability for cultural resources to determine the impact of a proposed new pipeline.

Rutgers University Campus Expansion - Phase II
Camden County, NJ
2011
Testing and mitigation of Site 28CA124 on Rutgers Camden Campus to recover 19th century residential structures and materials in area of planned new student housing.

Multi-Use Pathway at Fort Hancock, Sandy Hook Unit, Gateway National Recreation Area - Phase II
Monmouth County, NJ
2009
Conducted testing in historical and prehistorically sensitive oceanfront areas for the National Park Service in advance of hiking and bike trail improvements around Sandy Hook. Special attention paid to 19th century battery area. Required training in unexploded ordnance identification.




New York
Kosciuszko Bridge Replacement - Phase IB
Queens, NY
2015
Monitored excavation for utility emplacement for evidence of prehistoric activity and early Dutch and English settlement structures and burial areas. Performed for the NY State Department of Transportation in advance of deconstruction and replacement of an early twentieth-century truss bridge at a main borough thoroughfare; replacement activities were part of the first cable-stayed bridge built in New York City since the Brooklyn Bridge.

Van Cortlandt Park Dog Run - Phase IB
Bronx, NY
2015
Performed shovel test excavations in a historically and prehistorically sensitive area of the Bronx to determine the possible impact on the nearby site of the Stockbridge Indian Massacre.  Generated comprehensive report on the findings.

The High Bridge Rehabilitation - Phase IB
New York City, NY and Bronx, NY
2012-2014
Under hazmat conditions, conducted archaeological monitoring of excavation for new footings as well as the removal of toxic lead dust from within the bridge, mapping and architectural investigation of the 19th century bridge spanning the East River.   

Hendrick I. Lott House - Phase IB
Brooklyn, NY 
2013
Monitored excavations and conducted excavation of outdoor features associated with 19th century rural and farmland activities at one of the oldest remaining historic houses in New York City

Peck Slip Rehabilitation - Phase II
New York City, NY
2011-2013
Conducted Phase II monitoring, mapping, and feature-specific excavations during road reconstruction and utility replacements at Peck Slip, an 18th and 19th century shipping area and Historic District in downtown Manhattan. 

Fulton Street Reconstruction - Phase II
New York City, NY
2011-2013
Monitored Phase II excavations and investigated historic architecture and water supply features in advance of road reconstruction and utility replacements at Fulton Street in downtown Manhattan's South Street Seaport Historic District.





Liberty Island Utility Upgrade Investigation - Phase IB
New York Harbor, NY
2009
Conducted shovel tests around the Statue of Liberty and Fort Wood to identify historic and prehistoric materials in advance of utility installations across National Park Service lands. Identified shell middens related to prehistoric island occupation and exploitation of harbor resources.

Fort Edward/ GE Hudson River Remediation - Phase III
Washington County, NY
2009-2010
Performed excavation along the Hudson River to identify the boundaries of the 18th century Fort Edward as well as prehistoric and contact-era Native American tools and trade goods. Performed shovel test pits across Hudson River islands to attempt to locate mass graves and quarantine housing related to 18th and 19th century yellow fever outbreaks.

Martin Van Buren National Historic Site- Phase II
Kinderhook, NY
2009
Excavated test pits and trenches to identify the location and trajectory of the original Old Post Road transit line at the Martin Van Buren post-presidential residence and National Historic Site.

Pennsylvania

Archaeological Testing and Mitigation, Delaware Water Gap Recreation Area Site 36PI136 - Phase III
East Stroudsburg, PA
2010
Performed Phase III excavations in prehistorically sensitive Woodland period river bank areas at Smithfield Beach and Bushkill Access in advance of comfort station and water access enhancements.

Cabot Gas & Oil Pipeline - Phase IB
Wyoming County, PA
2009
Excavated shovel test pits along multiple portions of upland pipeline routes to assess prehistorically sensitive Woodland areas.

I-95 /Girard Interchange Project - Phase II, Phase III
Philadelphia, PA
2009-2011
Performed extensive excavation across three miles of 18th and 19th century residential and commercial areas in one of Philadelphia's first communities. Identified wells, privies, architectural features, and property line variations, as well as occupation areas related to contact-era Native Americans. Identified the Dyottville Glassworks riverfront industrial plants and planned worker communities. Conducted artifact analysis of historic and prehistoric materials as well as floatation analysis to identify faunal material, historic diet, and urban agricultural activity.

Aramingo Canal/Girard Interchange - Phase II
Philadelphia, PA
2008
Monitored and directed excavations to locate and expose the Aramingo Canal, a 19th century urban canal cut at Gunner's Run creek to extend Philadelphians' access and drain waste material to the Delaware River. Extensive work at and below the local water table documented historic timber bulkhead construction methodology related to landfilling and water access. 

West Virginia

Dominion Transmission Pipeline - Phase IB
Marshall County, WV
2011
Conducted shovel test excavations along the planned reroute of an existing natural gas pipeline and at the proposed site of a gas processing facility in the floodplain of the Ohio River, just south of Moundsville and several known Adena sites.








AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Archaeological Survey and Excavation
Industrial Archaeology
Prehistoric Artifact Analysis
Laboratory Preparation

EDUCATION
B.A., Anthropology: 2008, Temple University

CERTIFICATIONS
8-Hour Annual HAZWOPER Refresher Course (2012)
10-Hour OSHA Construction Safety Training (2010)
40-Hour HAZWOPER Safety Training (2009)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
2014: Commonwealth Cultural Resources Group
2011-Present: Chrysalis Archaeological Consultants
2008-2011: URS Corporation

CONTACT INFORMATION





New York Headquarters	Brooklyn Laboratory	Rhode Island Regional Office
4110 Quentin Road 	3604 Quentin Road	One Richmond Square - Suite 121F
Brooklyn, NY 11234-4322 	Brooklyn, NY 11234	Providence, RI  02906-5139
Phone: 718.645.3962	www.chrysalisarchaeology.com	Phone: 401.499.4354




