
Laura Ainscow
39 Meadowcroft Road, Leyland, Lancashire, PR25 1TH

T: 07870 823277
E: ainscow.laura@gmail.com

SummaryI am a proactive and competent worker with a range of transferable skills, looking to gain employment in a new challenging role.
I have a highly developed level of IT, organisation and attention to detail. I communicate effectively in both verbal and written form and have proven experience in a busy customer facing environment. I have proven skills in resolving issues and reaching agreement in a calm, professional manner. 
I have the ability to excel in any role both independently and within a supportive team environment. I am a conscientious person who pays particular attention to detail. ExperienceServer & Trainer, Coast to Coast
Horwich - 2013-Present
Providing an exceptional experience for all customers whilst remaining attentive and responsive to the customers needs. With a confident telephone manner, I deal with enquiries from customer or departments in an efficient manner. Enthusiastic communication skills and the ability to remain professional. Handling bookings and payments whilst ensuring effective time management. Taking messages accurately and forwarding them to appropriate personnel in a timely fashion.

Accomplishments
? First employee to score 100% mystery diner
? Training new team members
? One of two non managerial key holders


Ground Staff, Mitchells & Butlers
Cheshire - 06/2012-12/2012
Working within a small team environment involving planning, organization and delegation. I have developed good problem solving skills when faced with disputes. I learned the valuable art of dealing sensitively with strong willed or dissatisfied customers in order to resolve customer satisfaction. 

? Adhering to time restraints under pressure
? Working in a high paced environment
? Taking bookings via telephone
? Dealing with customer complaints



Bartender, Mitchells & Butlers
Heywood, 06/2010 to 06/2012
I worked as part of a small dynamic team to provide customers good quality service. Persuasive communication skills were often required to resolve customer dissatisfaction. My main roles and responsibilities included:

? Upselling alternatives to customers
? Working in a high paced environment
? Resolving customer queries via telephone
? Effective communication with colleagues and managersEducationUniversity Of Central Lancashire
Degree - 2010-2013                                                                                                                          
Bachelor of Science with Honours in Forensic Psychology - 2:2Runshaw College 
College Education - 2008-2010                                                                                                                          
National Diploma in Uniformed Public Services - Triple DistinctionDarwen Vale High School
High School Education - 2003-2008                                                                                                                          
Art and Design - A
Graphic Design - A
Maths - B
English Language - B
English Literature - B
Double Award Science - BB
History - B
German - C
ICT - PassSkills? Computer literate with Microsoft Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, and statistical software (SPSS)
? Typing of 45 wpm
? Resolving customer queries
? Professional telephone manner
? Excellent people skills and experience of dealing with the public
? Training or assisting new team members
? Confident telephone mannerReferencesSimon Dunphy
Deputy Manager - Coast to Coast Bolton
smdunphy@icloud.com
07725 945722

Hazel Foulkes
Manager - Mitchells & Butlers
hfoulkes36@hotmail.co.uk
07794 292497

Vicky O'Brien
Manager - Mitchells & Butlers
vicky_obrien@hotmail.co.uk 
07900 983346
