xxx - Curriculum Vitae


             							Faithful_frodo@yahoo.co.uk


Education and Qualifications:
1993-1997  	PhD Technology Policy / Development Studies, Open University 
Thesis: Agricultural Research Practice for Environmental Management and Poverty Reduction

1983-1984		MSc, Science, Technology and Industrialisation, Science Policy Research Unit, University of Sussex		
				
1976-1979		BSc (Hons) Mathematics (included subsidiary Physics), University of Durham	

Employment history:
2007-13	Trustee (Director), Devon Development Education Centre
* Monitor the progress of a range of projects against agreed objectives, anticipating problems and advising on ways to resolve them
o Guide the growth of "Food for Thought", a school-twinning arrangement that uses primary schools in Uganda to provide training in organic agriculture and has doubled yields in some communities
* Worked with staff and other stakeholders to facilitate a strategic planning process and write a realistic business plan on the basis of vision statements produced by a range of staff and other stakeholders.
2009-11	Agricultural Innovation Systems Specialist, Africa Rice Center (ex-WARDA), Benin
* Contributed to a major study of seed systems and enterprises across Africa
o Developed policy recommendations on the basis of results. Presented these in radio interviews, seminars and in written form.
* Coordinated the formation of a multi-institutional consortium for sustainable agriculture in Inland Valleys in Benin
* Completed an evaluation of efforts to introduce improved rice varieties to Guinea
o Developed and presented lessons for policy from this experience
2002-07	Research Fellow, ESRC Centre for Genomics in Society (EGENIS), Exeter University.
* Successfully completed qualitative research on the policy issues raised by applying genomics to agriculture
o Undertook field research in South India: established and sustained a partnership with Hyderabad University
o Explored role of private sector by working within private seed companies in India and China, and developed policy conclusions
* Led the development of a new MA/MSc module on Genomics in Society and provided some of the teaching that is involved.
2000-02	Senior Research Associate, Overseas Development Group, University of East Anglia.
* Completed mixed-methodology research project on the aspects of environment-friendly agricultural technologies that enable them to meet user needs
* Used the results to develop a decision support system to aid policy makers
1994-96	Visiting Researcher, Hillsides Programme, CIAT, Cali, Colombia
Field research for my PhD was based within CIAT.  
1993-94	Associate (part-time) Lecturer, Geography, Middlesex University
Responsible for developing, delivering and examining two final-year honours modules (Agricultural Development and Southeast Asian Development)
1991-93	Senior Research Officer, Berkshire County Council
Based within the 'Forward Planning and Information Management' unit, I contributed to the strategic planning process. I was individually responsible for a range of research projects that provided management information, aiding strategic planning and policy development.
1989-90	VSO Volunteer Researcher, Citizens' Disaster Rehabilitation Center, Manila, Philippines
Undertook research and training related to disaster preparedness and vulnerability.  Studies performed in this way included an analysis of the consequences of environmental degradation and a quantitative report on forced migration.
1988-89 Editorial Researcher, Third World Quarterly, Third World Foundation, London
Defined themes for future articles, identified suitable authors, issued commissions, discussed draft articles with their authors suggesting possible improvements and copy-edited final manuscripts. I thus gained experience of re-working complicated written material to make it clearly accessible to a motivated but non-specialist audience.
1987-88	Researcher (volunteer), War on Want Campaigns Ltd
* Explored the policy responses of UK NGOs to developing-country debt. 
* Used the findings to develop coherent policy positions that were acceptable to all of the NGOs involved 
1984-87	Research Officer, Humberside Business School, investigating the international transfer of technology and its role in corporate strategy.
1982-83	Mathematics Teacher, National Youth Service, Republic of Seychelles
NYS was a unique educational experiment for students aged 16-18.  It sought to integrate academic study with practical work and thus create developmental attitudes



Publications:
Miscellaneous contributions (two authored chapters, etc.) to P Van Mele, J W Bently, R G Guéi (eds), African Seed Enterprises: Sowing the Seeds of Food Security, Wallingford: CABI Publishing, 2011
J. D. Reece, "Seed Systems and successful seed enterprises", in preparation for Food Policy

J. D. Reece, "From Output to Environment: the changing goals of Chinese agricultural research policy", in preparation for Journal of International Development
J. D. Reece, "Towards an African 'Green Revolution'? Agricultural innovation in Guinea", submission pending to Food Policy
J. D, Reece, "Vertical Disintegration and Innovative Performance: lessons from the development of low-input rice in India and in China", undergoing revision for submission to International Journal of Technology Management and Sustainable Development
J. D. Reece, "Assessing a Rural Innovation System: low-input rice in central China", International Journal of Technology Management and Sustainable Development, 7(1), 2008
J. D. Reece, "What enables innovation in the private sector?  Lessons from the development of salt-tolerant hybrid rice", Journal of International Development 19(6), August 2007 
J. D. Reece, "Does Genomics empower resource-poor farmers?  Some critical questions and experiences", Agricultural Systems 94(2), May 2007
J. D. Reece and Haribabu Ejnavarzala, "Genes to Feed the World: the weakest link?", Food Policy 32(4), August 2007
J. Sumberg and J. D. Reece, "Agricultural research through a 'new product development' lens", Experimental Agriculture 40, pp295-314, 2004
J. D. Reece, J. Sumberg and L. Pommier,  "Matching Natural Resource Management 
Technologies with Potential End Users: A Knowledge Engineering Approach", Journal of Agricultural Economics 55/1, March 2004;
C. Okali, J. Sumberg and J. D. Reece, "Agricultural research in the face of diversity, local knowledge and the participation imperative: theoretical considerations", Agricultural Systems 76 pp. 739-53, 2003
J. D. Reece and J. Sumberg, "More Clients, Less Resources: Toward a new conceptual framework for agricultural research in marginal areas", Technovation 23/5 pp. 409-421, May 2003
J. D. Reece, "From Simple Crops to Complex Ecosystems: agricultural research and the environmental imperative", Technovation 19(6/7), June 1999
J. D. Reece, "Natural Resource Management and the CGIAR System: is progress possible?", Journal of International Development 9(4), June 1997;
J. D. Reece and J. Sumberg. 2000. 'Research, Technology and Changing Practice: A Review of Experience in Agriculture and Industry' (Project report).  Norwich: ODG, University of East Anglia.


Verbal Presentations:
"Towards an African 'Green Revolution'? Agricultural innovation in Guinea", AfricaRice/IITA Campus Seminar, Cotonou (Benin), April 2011
"Seed Systems and successful seed enterprises", AfricaRice 'Research Days', December 2010

"Research policy and innovation systems: the case of rice in Central China."  SLPTMD Conference on 'Confronting the Challenge of Technology for Development: Experiences from the BRICS', Oxford, May 2008
"What enables innovation in the private sector?  Lessons from the development of salt-tolerant rice".  Development Studies Association Annual Conference on 'The Private Sector, Poverty Reduction and International Development', Reading, November 2006
"An incoherent innovation system: low-input rice in central China".  INNOGEN Annual Conference on 'Genomics for Development? The Life Sciences and Poverty Reduction', London, September 2006
"Innovation in Agricultural Biotechnology for developing countries".  A Rockefeller Foundation-funded workshop entitled 'Governing Technologies: Towards a new lexicon', organised by the Institute of Development Studies, University of Sussex, June 2006
"Molecular Breeding for Agriculture in Developing Countries: opportunities and constraints"  Workshop on Governing Technology for Development: From Theory to Practice and Back Again, organised by the Open University, London, April 2006
"Research to control rice blast: what difference does genomics make?"  International conference on 'The Meanings of Genomics', Exeter, September 2005
"Research organisation and research success: responding to rice blast in the Mekong Delta"  INNOGEN seminar, Open University (Milton Keynes), April 2005
"Complexity management as 'the problem' with agricultural research: will genomics help?"  EGENIS seminar, November 2004 
"Does Genomics empower resource-poor farmers?  Some critical questions and experiences"  Genomics Momentum, Rotterdam, September 2004
 "Genomics and International Agricultural Research: a dialogue of the deaf?" International Society for the History, Philosophy and Social Studies of Biology, Bi-Annual Conference, Vienna, July 2003
'Researching Internal Refugees in the Philippines: from data to insights?'  Research Seminar Series, School of Development Studies (UEA), 1 February 2002
'Matching People and Technologies: computer dating meets rural development.'  Natural Resources and Environmental Change Research Group, School of Development Studies (UEA), 18 October 2001
'Impossible but Necessary: an institutional model for landscape-scale resource management.'  DFID-NRSP Workshop on "Common Pool Resources", York, October 2001
 "Natural Resource Management and the CGIAR System: is progress possible?",  Development Studies Association Annual Conference, Reading, September 1996

Referees:
Referee 1
NameDr Ali TourePositionAgricultural EconomistAddressAfrica Rice Center01 BP 2031Cotonou, BeninTel+229.21.35.01.88/+229.95.42.94.14Emaila.toure@cgiar.orgReferee 2NameDr Christine HauskellerPositionSenior Research FellowAddressEGENIS, Byrne House,St German's Road,University of Exeter, EX4 4PJTel01392 725129Emailc.hauskeller@exeter.ac.uk Referee 3NameMs Sue ErringtonPositionCoordinatorAddressDevon Development Education Centre17 St David's HillExeter EX4 3RGTel01392 438811.Emaildde@globalcentredevon.org.uk
J David Reece

1


3



