	
NAME

ADDRESS

Phone:	Email: 
					
Date of birth:	

EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS

2011-present		University

2004-2011		High School

A - Levels (2011)

Subject			                         			     Grade

Computing
CEnglish Language and LiteratureCPsychology                          C
AS-Levels (2010)

	
ComputingBEconomicsDEnglish Language and LiteratureCPsychologyC
GCSEs (2009)

English LanguageBEnglish LiteratureBFrenchCMathsBReligious EducationBScience A / BB / B
















WORK EXPERIENCE

2014 - PRESENT

Charity
IT Support & Administration


2010-2013		

Local Pub

At the Crab and Lobster I worked as a waiter and as a barman for up to forty hours per week including day time often doing split shifts.  Here I learnt how to effectively communicate with customers and colleagues but also how to make decisions quickly. I have taken on a variety of different roles at the local pub which have enabled me to approach work from different angles. Working in a popular restaurant at which the customers expect a high level of service has shown that I can perform in a demanding environment.  

Responsibilities at the Local Pub included:

* Building personal relationships with local guests to ensure that they felt their regular custom was greatly appreciated
* Greeting guests as they entered the restaurant and seating them according to the table plan
* Taking food and drink orders often from large parties and fulfilling any special requirements or requests they may have had
* Taking customers' orders at the bar and preparing their drinks
* Running food and drinks to and from the kitchen and bar
* Ensuring customers were enjoying their meals and satisfied with the service they had had.
* Taking bookings for the restaurant and rooms over the telephone
* Using the coffee machine to make a variety of hot beverages such as cappuccinos, lattés, espressos and Irish coffees
* Restocking the cellar accordingly with wines, bottled beers, soft drinks and barrels
* Closing down and restocking the bar at the end of a shift. 



2010	

Mercer
			
Mercer is a multi-national organization which deals with the    accounts and pensions of corporations from around the world.  Here I was able to see the hard working mentality required to perform at the highest level.  I was spent two weeks working in the accounts department where I had to ensure that calculations had been carried out correctly and also carrying out data entry tasks.   Spending time working in such a vast organization allowed me to learn how to be innovative and to handle the greater responsibilities a company of such a size offers you.  The experience I gained from working at Mercer helped me to understand the step required from education to the working world. 








2009

Local Manufacturing Firm

At Local Manufacturing Firm I worked in their buying office for two weeks.  I saw how an efficient business is managed.  I was shown how to negotiate and deal with current and potential clients.  This experience has helped me when I have had to handle difficult situations.  This was my first real experience of interacting with customers over the phone and something I was able to improve at over the course of the two weeks I spent there. During my time here I was also able to work in the IT department and assisted the staff in carrying out support and maintenance on the network which at the time was being upgraded.  I was able to oversee the general maintenance of the systems and the steps taken to ensure the upgrade interrupted business as minutely as possible.     I also attended meetings at other factories and saw how the team leaders worked together to achieve lower overall costs for the company.  


SKILLS

I have a Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) which shows that I have the skills required to offer support and assistance in a small branch network.    I am able to use Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word to a very high level and have furthered the skills I learnt in IT GCSE.  In Computing A-Level I learnt how to write programs in Visual Basic 6 primarily but I am also accustomed with VB.net.  

I hold a full UK Driver's license. 	





