
Name
Project Controls Engineer

Name has 8 years of experience in the development and monitoring of project schedules and budgetary control systems supporting project management in the control and reporting of performance for multi-million dollar projects.  He interfaces with lead engineers to update status of monthly discipline activities and maintains detailed cost reports for multiple projects in the power division.  Name is specialized in the preparation of periodic project status reports and the development of project metrics to improve budget and forecasts with working knowledge of PRIMAVERA (P6), Microsoft Office, and Corporate Based Resource Planning and Cost Systems for supporting the coordination of EPC and startup schedules.  His project controls and management expertise includes estimating, cost and control processes, earned value assessments,  review and evaluation of estimate reports, schedules, procedures and output documentation.
Project Experience

Company Name
Combined Cycle Project (2X1 200 MW)
Name served as lead project controls engineer responsible for cost control and schedule maintenance, including monthly progress reporting, Change Order management, and manhour/cost forecasts. 

Crude Expansion Project
Name served as lead project controls engineer responsible for cost control and schedule maintenance, including monthly progress reporting, Change Order management, and manhour/cost forecasts.  This is a new power plant (4CTGs and 4 HRSGs) to provide steam and power to a $7.5B refinery upgrade.

Greenfield Energy Center 
Name served as lead project controls engineer responsible for cost control and schedule maintenance, including monthly progress reporting, Change Order management, and capital cost control.  Company assumed CM responsibility when Company declared bankruptcy at the start of construction and managed 40+ equipment and material contracts and 40+ construction contracts. 

Waste to Energy Project (2 Train - 100TPD Facility)
Name served as lead project controls engineer responsible for cost control and schedule maintenance, including monthly progress reporting, Change Order management, and manhour/cost forecasts. 
Project (2X 600 MW - Restart)
Name served as lead project controls engineer responsible for cost control  including monthly progress reporting, Change Order management, and manhour/cost forecasts for the Project that was stopped during construction (approximately 60% complete), purchased by Company, and complete with Company (Engineer) and Company (Constructor). 

Support to Other Miscellaneous Projects and Proposals
* Miscellaneous Project Support; increasing levels of responsibility on all Power Generation projects - Combined Cycle, Simple Cycle, Industrial, etc.
* Proposal Support; proposal pricing, staffing, cash flow preparation
* Business Management Systems Support; support to corporate business management system - projected revenues and staffing from prospects, support to corporate financial management system.
	Frank Digiacomo (Page 2 of 2)







