

WORK EXPERIENCE 
2015Night ManagerIkos Olivia, Halkidiki, Greece
http://www.ikosresorts.com/olivia ? Acting Manager on Duty during the night shift overseeing 300 rooms and up to 1000 guests.
? Responsible for all Front Desk and Guest Relations duties.
? Perform all end-of-day duties including reports and reconciliation of daily revenue, prepare management reports, audit daily rates and departmental ledgers/outlets and communicate with departmental managers.
? Responsible for creating, auditing and processing all City Ledgers.
Business or sector Hospitality/Tourism2013-2015VolunteerDesmos, Thessaloniki, Greece
http://www.desmos.org ? Responsible for updating and translating web content and social media from Greek to English
Business or sector Philanthropic 2011-2013Chief Information OfficerCitizens State Bank, Gainesville FL, USA
https://www.csbdirect.com ? Understands and manages technical requirements for databases, applications, and technology infrastructure.
? Manage information systems personnel to design, develop, implement, operate and administer systems
? Migrated over 100 end-users and 5 remote office locations from Microsoft Exchange to Google Enterprise Apps
? Implemented an online loan payment system for customers who wished to pay their loan payments via credit card or ACH (e-check)
? Oversaw the implementation of CarmPro, a system responsible for tracking all past due loans
? Managed the IT Operations of Citizens State Bank during a rapid growth period; an addition of two new bank locations and asset growth of 60% (59 MM in 2010 to 132 MM in 2013)
? Converted the bank from a tunnel based point-to-point VPN network (using Linux boxes) to a Multiprotocol Label Switching network topology using Cisco routers. 
? Implemented a Shoretel VoIP telephone system across 5 remote locations for over 100 end-usersBusiness or sector Finance & Banking 2010-2011Information Systems ManagerCitizens State Bank, Gainesville, FL, USA
https://www.csbdirect.com? Implemented a framework to control and define and imaging process which provided increased efficiency related to the retrieval of documentation during a compliance audit and improved identity verification and fraud detection
? Implemented an account decisioning system for new accounts which provided enhanced due diligence and reporting features to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Customer Information Protection (CIP)
? Implemented an in-house lending platform for commercial, residential and personal loans
? Initiated an assessment of the current control framework to establish a control environment better aligned with the CoBIT framework
? Worked with business users to document current work flow processes and collaborated with users in identifying, defining, and documenting process improvement options and alternatives, as directed by business needsBusiness or sector Finance & Banking 2009-2010Sr. Configuration SpecialistWellCare Health Plans, Inc., Tampa, FL, USA
https://www.wellcare.com ? Built pricing rules within the Mainframe, in coordination with State and Federal guidelines
? Researched both State and Federal mandates and built interpretation grids
? Interpreted Hospital and Ancillary contracts to ensure they met both standardized business riles and State and Federal regulatory guidelines
? Developed new business plans that helped promote technology and automationBusiness or sector HealthCare & Information Technology2008Applications Developer & Systems Analyst InternNew South Software, Tampa, FL, USA? Conducted web page testing and troubleshooting for both errors and web accessibility/usability compliance
? Developed web-based help menu for an ASP.NET web application
? Assisted in monitoring User Acceptance Testing Defects and facilitating resolution
? Identified and ensured resolution of issues that hinder project success
? Tracked project timelines and milestones to ensure timely project conclusionBusiness or sector Information Technology 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
2013-2014School of Modern GreekAristotle University, Thessaloniki, Greece? Modern Greek2010-2012Florida School of BankingUniversity of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA ? IT Infrastructure Planning, Principles of Lending, Loan Analysis, Deposit Operations, Compliance2007-2009Masters of Science in Management Information SystemsEQF Level 7University of South Florida, Tampa, FL, USA ? Advanced Systems Analysis and Design, Distributed Information Systems, Enterprise Information Systems Management, Project Management, Statistical Data Mining, Information Security and Risk Management, Seminar on Software Testing, International Aspects of Information Systems, Statistics I & II, Accounting2001-2006Bachelors of Art in AnthropologyEQF Level 6University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA ? Biological Anthropology, Cultural Anthropology, Language and Culture, European Migration and Globalization, Economic Anthropology, Global Marketing
PERSONAL SKILLS 
Mother tongue(s)EnglishOther language(s)UNDERSTANDING SPEAKING WRITING Listening Reading Spoken interaction Spoken production GreekC1C1C1C1C1



Communication skills? Good communication skills gained through my experience as an Information Systems Manager and VP of Information Systems
? Ability to provide facilitation and problem solving across multiple company departments
? Ability to convey the needs of lower level staff to management and directors
? Able to present ideas and issues to a Board of Directors in a method that is both informative yet non-technical
Organisational / managerial skills? Currently responsible for a team of 6 people
? Oversee the support of 100 end-users
? Prioritize smaller projects and resource allocation to meet deadlines and budget
? Manage Business Intelligence process
? Performs a variety of complicated tasks with minimal oversight
? Provides expertise in all aspects of application and system design and application development which may include interfaces and backend databases
Job-related skills? Have knowledge of the principles and practices of computer systems operation, security and support in an enterprise environment for Windows operating systems, server equipment, network, and database implementations
? Network server design, acquisition, implementation and maintenance, including file, email, database, printer, application, and web servers
? Network security techniques, including firewall implementation, monitoring and maintenance
? Experienced in the procedures and techniques for troubleshooting, repair, maintenance and upgrade of networked computer systems, hardware and software
Computer skills? Advanced Skills in Opera Property Management System
? Advanced Skills in Microsoft Office software including: Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Excel, Word, Vision and Project
? Intermediate skills in Microsoft Visual C#
? Basic skills in Linux
? Solid experience with full life cycle development of application methodologies
? Working knowledge of relational databases and Oracle Utilities
? Experience with SQL query writing & report design
? Advanced skills in Access 2 Information (A2i) report writing
? Advanced skills with Google Enterprise Apps
? Knowledge of VMWare deployments and infrastructure
? Knowledge of Shoretel VoIP telephone systems
? Working knowledge of network topologies and implementations (both tunnel based point-to-point  VPNs and Multiprotocol Label Switching MPLS networks)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Honours and awards?  National Deans ListMemberships?  Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA)
?  Management Information Systems Society
?  American Banking Association (ABA)
?  Florida Banking Association (FBA)References?  Available upon requestCertificates?  Accepted to the Aristotle University (Thessaloniki) for the study of Modern Greek
ANNEXES 

? Degree Verifications attached (copies of actual diplomas available upon request)
? Testimonial of employment or work placement available upon request


 	 Curriculum Vitae	 

 	 Curriculum Vitae	 

		Page 2 / 2 

		Page 3 / 3 

