
PERSONAL STATEMENT

I am enthusiastic, self-confident and trustworthy. I am a quick learner and have a flexible approach to whatever work is required. I have excellent communication skills, am computer literate, and have an exemplary attendance and punctuality record. I have a proven ability both in employment and academically and would be a valuable asset to any workplace.

CAREER HISTORY

June 2013 – Present
Polo Ralph Lauren, York Designer Outlet – Sales assistant and stock room assistant.
Providing excellent customer service befitting a luxury brand.
Performing an important function in stock delivery and replenishment.
Working effectively as part of a large team and on my own. Problem solving.

June 2011 – May 2012 and January 2013 – April 2013
Arthritis Research UK specialist bookshop, York – Manager.
Maximised the profits of the shop, including on-line sales, in order to meet and exceed the company’s targets (profits rose to the highest of the ARUK shops in the region).
Ensured a high quality of customer service – we regularly achieved 100% in mystery shopper reports.
Promoted the company in the media.
Recruited, trained and supervised a team of up to 15 paid staff and volunteers.
Maintained a high operational standard – paperwork, cash handling and daily banking, shop security and cleanliness. I received a score of 100% for cash handling and security from an external auditor.

June 2012 – December 2012
House renovation and various temporary employment (including Royal Mail sorting office and Santa’s grotto manager).

March 2011 – June 2011
Treasurer’s House, York – Volunteer room guide.
Ensured that visitors of all ages enjoyed their visit by providing a welcoming environment and answering any questions.
Worked on reception taking payment and dealing with purchases.

April 2010 – May 2010
Dundee Contractors, Tauranga – Kiwifruit picking.
Worked efficiently as part of a team; hard physical work and long days.

April 2010 – July 2010
Jill Parry, Tauranga – Personal assistant.
Assisted environmentalist and mayoral candidate.
Duties included: conducting surveys, filing, typing, compiling legal cases, academic research, advice.
My research and presentations were presented at council meetings.

ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS


2009 – 2012
University of York
Marine and Coastal Archaeology MSc.

2006 - 2009
University of York
Archaeology BSc Hons. 2:1

2004 - 2006
Queen Elizabeth Sixth Form College, Darlington
3 A Levels: Biology (A), English Literature (A), History (A).
Additional AS Levels: Chemistry (A), Fine Art (B), General Studies (C).
Key Skills Communication.
TROCN in Archaeology

1999 - 2004




Hummersknott School and Language College, Darlington
10 GCSEs: Dbl. Award Science (A*A*), Art (A*), English Language (A*), English Literature (A*), History (A), French (A), Maths (B), Citizenship (B), Spanish (C).
GNVQ ICT (Pass).

TRAINING

2013
Craven College
Positive Attitudes and Behaviours at Work Level 1 BTEC
Building Working Relations with Customers Level 1 BTEC


INTERESTS


DIY
House renovation and project managing specialists; I enjoyed learning new skills for hands on work and about the legal aspects of buying a house.


Journalism
During my time as a student I was a regular contributor to student publication, The Yorker and I am a keen blogger.


Travelling
In 2010 I undertook a 5 month working holiday in New Zealand where I gained independence and confidence. I lived and worked with people of all ages and backgrounds.


References are available on request.
