	XXXXXXXXX			Logistics Coordinator
Biographical Sketch
XXX has considerable experience in coordinating logistics for large, complex, research projects in business process improvement, competency modeling, and training development. She provides multi-task management in a fast-paced environment with attention to customer service details. She provides continuous improvements to logistical and communications processes of various kinds. She is an expert in document management, drafting business process documentation, cataloging policies and procedures and functioning as a project's central clearinghouse for information and coordination.
Educational Credentials and Certifications
B.A., English (minor, Environmental Sustainability), University
B.A, University
Relevant Experience
Current company
Management Academy - Logistics Coordinator. Manages delivery of approximately 50 classes across the country annually.  Developed and maintains project management SharePoint portal providing real-time views of schedule updates, monthly status reports and financial reports. Coordinates instructors, ensuring that courses are scheduled, instructors are appropriately assigned, contracts are prepared, and housing and travel arrangements are ready. Coordinated pre-delivery calls and draft agendas between instructors and client. Acts as point of contact for new instructor recruitment, collects onboarding information and checks instructor qualifications. 
Design, Development, Implementation, and Evaluation of Customized Training-Logistics Coordinator. Manages delivery of approximately 300 classes across the country annually for the client workforce.  Developed and maintains project management SharePoint portal providing real-time views of schedule updates, weekly status reports and financial reports. Liaises between client and course vendors to ensure that courses are scheduled, instructors are assigned, and materials are received. 
Career Paths Tool - Virtual Focus Group Logistician.  Manages the scheduling of dozens of virtual focus groups with subject matter experts and facilitators to collect and validate occupational analysis data. Designed on-line calendar management process for efficiently identifying focus group participant and facilitator availability across multiple schedules using the virtual platform WhenIsGood. Designed and maintain tracking lists to record and confirm availability and status of focus groups, send preparation survey materials and briefings, and provide wrap-up communications. Provide live focus group technical support for coordination and launch of virtual conference and video calls using GoToMeeting. Ensure all parties have correct and relevant technical and logistical information for consistent facilitation of virtual focus groups.
Logistics Coordinator. Managed collection of supplies for 4 cohorts of a leadership development course. Set up and attended workshops, collected student feedback, and compiled data for post-course delivery reports. Assisted with production of course materials. 

Past Company
Talent Acquisition Logistics Coordinator-Coordinated recruitment and all the logistics associated with recruitment, assisting six different recruiters in technology, sales, and services departments. Managed and maintained documents on candidates, scheduled candidate interviews, prepared interviewer materials, and documented feedback. Tracked processes, including background checks, immigration, and onboarding. 
University Resident Assistant- Directly oversaw 70 residents, with duty rotations for approximately 500 freshman, upperclassmen, and foreign exchange students. Responsible for the implementation of emergency responses, overseeing confidential student information, and use of building master keys. Duties involved conceiving and directing community enrichment programs and operating recycling for four residence halls. Worked both independently and in team settings.
Academic Honors
National Residential Hall Honorary, University
Leadership Award, University- Scholarship awarded to one student.
Mortar Board, University-Senior Student Honor Society for students with a focus on scholarship, leadership, and service.

