Educational Travel Professional with over 10 years' experience in the field of Study Abroad and Specialist Travel Programmes sales and marketing.

-Confident, and passionate with excellent organisational and communication skills, both verbal and written.

-Able to work both independently and within a team.

-Dedicated and enthusiastic with a passion for Educational Travel and the drive to succeed.

-Proven track record in delivering successful Study Abroad Travel programmes.

Specialties: Educational Travel, Youth Travel, Communication Skills, Business Development, Sales and Marketing, Events organisation and management, Partnership Marketing, Social Media, Study Abroad

Partnership Development Manager
Anglo Educational Services

August 2002 - Present, United Kingdom

My role includes working closely with current and future Partners in order to put together new and exciting Educational Travel opportunities for both groups and individuals. I travel extensively in my role visiting new partners and developing programmes

Specific role:

- Management of Educational Travel Division, including client marketing and retention, working with over 100 partners. 

-Responsible for Business Development, working in close conjunction with Board Directors in order to maximise opportunities

- Representative for Anglo Educational Services at a range of UK and International based conferences including BETA, UKInbound, Visit Britain, London and Partners, AASAP and WYTSC

- Organisation of events including receptions and launches

- Working closely with external marketing companies to develop and enhance brand image and create new business opportunities

- Preparation of new business proposals for new and exisiting clients

- UKBA Authorising officer, responsible for ensuring compliance with Tier 4 visa regulations. 

-Budget management and sales for short term educational programmes.
Tour Manager
Freelance Employment
June 2005 - June 2007 (2 years 1 month)
Freelance roles involving assisting Study Abroad tour groups including providing relevant historical and tourist information in conjunction with guided tours of London. Escorting groups to locations outside of London, and arranging the initial parts of their programmes in the UK including arrival and departure.

French Tutor
Freelance Role
January 1999 - June 2002 (3 years 6 months)
Private French tuition on one-to-one basis, with emphasis on written and oral communication skills. Mentoring and teaching, alongside providing regular communication updates in the formal of both verbal and written reports.

Classroom Assistant
Un Jour en France
September 1997 - July 2000 (2 years 11 months)
Working for a non-profit Government funded Saturday school for children of French speakers. The role involved assisting in the classroom, deputising for the class teacher, preparation of teaching materials, and working on a one-to-one basis with individual students.

Customer Services Supervisor
Waitrose Barnet
October 1997 - June 2000 (2 years 9 months)
Checkout supervisor able to be left in charge of up to 20 staff in large retail store. Responsible for customer service, ensuring the safety and wellbeing of both staff and customers and cash management.

Languages:
English (native)
French (advanced proficiency)
Spanish (advanced proficiency)
Italian (proficient)

Qualifications:
First Aid Qualified

Awards:
Runner Up:  Young Marketer of the Year
