
 Married with two children: Excellent Health: Full Driving Licence

EDUCATION
1996-1999: Manchester Metropolitan University
1993-1996: Hugh Baird College
1988-1993: Elliot Clarke School

QUALIFICATIONS
BSc (Hon) Degree: BSc (Hon) Psychology (2:2) British Psychological Society Approved course.
Dissertation (Hon) "The voice of those who care for Adults with Autism" (2:1)
GCE 'A' LEVELS: 	Psychology (A)	Sociology (B) General Studies (C)	History (D)	
GCSE's
Art and Design (A)	Sociology (B)	English Literature (C)
History (B)	Mathematics (C)	English Language (B) 
COMPUTER LITERACY PACKAGES
Microsoft Access: Word for Windows & Excel: E-mail 

VOCATIONAL TRAINING & MEMBERSHIP OF PROFESSIONAL BODIES
2015: Lifeteen Empower European Conference, Netherlands. Lifeteen is American Catholic Youth Movement, which aims to bring teens and their families closer to Christ.
2015: Lifeteen training with guest speakers from USA, Birmingham.
2014: Catholic Voices Media and National Speaker Training, London. Currently a National Speaker for Catholic Voices.
2012: Bethsaida Youth Leader Training.
1998-1999: Student Member of: The British Psychological Society.
1998-1999: Student Member of: The National Autistic Society.
01 1999: Two days presentation at the National Community Psychology Conference, Manchester. 
1999: Conference Organiser at the: Psychology of Women Conference, Manchester.
1999: Voluntary Work.  Community Psychology Project.  Compiled Welfare Resource Library, in order to establish the community house and provide support for the residents of the estate.
  
WORK EXPERIENCE 

Voluntary Work
Extraordinary Minister, St Chad and All Saints Catholic Church, Sedgley.
Children's Liturgy Leader, St Chad and All Saints Catholic Church, Sedgley.
Head Of Youth Group, St Chad and all Saints Catholic Parish, Sedgley.
Catholic Voices National Speaker, parish talks, radio and television interviews, nationally.
Parish Safeguarding Representative, St Chad and All Saints Church, Sedgley.

West Midlands Police
Detention Escort Officer 01/01- Present
: Taking DNA samples from detainees.
: Complete Mandatory Drug Testing of detainees using the Cozart machine.
: Take the fingerprints of those in custody via either wet ink prints or using the Livescan Machine.
: I currently work as a Detention Escort Officer at Wolverhampton Police Station. This includes me assisting the Custody Officer in booking in and looking after the people in custody.
: Completing ID captures of people in custody to be used on an identification parade.
: I make regular checks on the welfare of those in custody, which can include medical health assessing and referring them on to drug or alcohol services.
: Make people in custody aware of their legal rights and entitlements and ensure that I contact a solicitor or appropriate adult they require.
: Ensure that as part of my duty of care that the basic needs of those in custody are met.  I check during their stay that their welfare has been maintained and they have eaten adequately.
: First Aid at work qualified.
 
Walsall Community Health Trust Department of Clinical Psychology & Counselling:
Psychology Assistant 1/00-12/00
: I assisted Clinical Psychologists in the provision of a range of services for people with mental health difficulties in Walsall Community Health Trust. 
: Implemented treatment to individuals who suffered with adult psychological problems under the supervision of clinical staff colleagues. 
: Attended and gave presentations at clinical review meetings where appropriate and reported back to the Senior Clinical Psychology Management Team.
: Worked under a pressurised environment to assist qualified clinical staff in gathering data for use in research and service evaluation projects.

Care Bank Agency 10/99-12/99:	Assistant Social worker 
: As a Support Worker is was imperative that I liaised with Local Authority Social Workers in order to establish the boundaries of trying to re-house older adults in the community.  I was obligated to finding a suitable and local residential home as a long-term replacement due to the emergency closure of the nursery home they formally stayed at.
: Assessed the needs of residents by assessing each individual following ethical and professional codes in regards to establishing priority cases. 
: 
Sandwell Health Authority 10/99-01/00:	Irish Community Researcher
: Completed intensive training in community research.
: Conduced interviews to determine the health needs of the Irish Community conducted at the homes of interviewees.  This demonstrated my communication and interpersonal skills both verbally and written, furthermore, in a professional capacity.  

The Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust 8/98-12/98:	Therapy Care Assistant
: Responsible for assisting clients as a personal mentor to fulfil client's social needs.
: Attended to client's domestic and personal hygiene duties where necessary.  Furthermore, assisted clients with their daily programmes and when required kept written reports.  In essence, ensured that social and psychological needs of personal clients were met.  

The Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust 6/98-08/98:		 Research: Adults with Autism 
: Produced research for the Director of Development and New Services department.  This entailed compiling a report on those services, which were available for adults who fell within the autism spectrum of disorders in England and Wales.  The report concentrated upon the types of services, which existed and noted where there was a lack of service.  

PERSONAL QUALITIES
: Very passionate Catholic.
: Very determined and motivated.
: Good team player.
: Excellent communication skills.
: Logical at problem solving through being systematic.
: Adapt easily to new environments and peoples.

REFERENCES

