
As a highly trained individual, I have experience and training as a staff supervisor, with a view to lead into a management position. My strengths are my conflict resolution, my ability to keep a cool head and my cash handling skills. I enjoy working in retail and meeting new people. I love gadgets and technology and I do enjoy keeping up with all the latest releases. I have experience as an administrator and an office manager.
I can work effectively in a team or on my own to achieve a task or goal. I have exceptional people skills. I am very adaptable to what is required at any given time or any given situation. I am more than competent with computers especially MS Office programs. I am very interested in computers and technology in general, and I have a view to gain IT qualifications in the future. I have an extensive background in Data entry. I have a vast knowledge of many platforms of social media, including staples such as Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr, but also newer platforms such as Pinterest and Google+. In my spare time I work on my blogs, write and educate myself on new form of internet marketing i.e. affiliate marketing. I also have a creative side which shows through my writing and my art. 

 Education and Qualifications 
September 2007-2009: University of Chester 
Bsc in Forensic Biology and Criminology (finishing via distance learning) 
September 2004 - June 2007: The Grimsby Institute of Further and Higher Education. 
A-Level: General Studies and Human Biology.
AS Level: Law and Critical thinking. 
Key Skills  Level 3 - Communications, IT and Numeracy.                                
September 1999 - June 2004: Hereford Technology School. 
GCSE: Humanities, English Language, English Literature, Mathematics, Electronics, German, Science Double Award and ICT.  ALL PASSES (C and above)
Work Experience 

November 2013-Present
Self-employed Artisan/Writer/Administrator
Posts held:
Artisan Candle Maker and Novelist- Whilst adjusting after a period of illness I wrote and self-published a novel and created a small candle-making business.

September 2012-July 2013
Red5-Selfridges
Posts held:
Sales assistant-Main skills/strengths include customer service and high volume cash handling. I dealt with a high volume of customers/ international customers via telephone and face to face, not only in a selling capacity but also to deal with their queries and complaints. I was the first line of customer relations.
Here I also took part in the Selfridges Management Program.

August 2011- September 2012
Memory Makers
Posts held:
Administrative assistant & customer service advisor

July 2010-August 2011
PC World/Currys Megastore
Posts held
* Retail assistant
* Customer service assistant
June 2009-November 2010
Self-employed Administrator/Data researcher
Since June 2009 I have been a self-employed Data Researcher. As of June 2010 I have had a permanent position worker as a full time data researcher for a partner of a personal wealth management company (St James Place Wealth Management). Previous to this I was working as a data researcher/personal assistant for a private individual.
August 2008- June 2009
Four2Nine Productions 
Posts held 
*       Personal assistant/ administrator 
*       Event staff 
January 2008-May 2009 
Posts held 
*       Freelance writer 
*       Freelance ghostwriter 

November 2007- August 2008
RB's Nightclub 
Posts Held: 
*       Bar support/Bar staff 

June/July/August/September 2007
The Grimsby Institute of Further and Higher Education. 
Posts Held: 
*      Marketing and communications support staff 
  
2005-2006 
Electric PR Intern 

Posts Held: 
*       Assistant for director of Music PR company 
 
References 
Available on request
