4740 CAMELOT DRIVE DOUGLASVILLE, GA 30135PHONE 404-488-7626 • E-MAIL SHANELIA6@YAHOO.COMSHANELIA SUTTON
OBJECTIVETo acquire a position with a company where my past achievements, 16+ years of experience and strong capabilities will be fully utilized and advanced.  SUMMARY OF CHARACTERISTICSResponsible and enthusiastic in every area of performance.  Highly organized, detail oriented and self motivated. Cooperative and courteous, able to develop positive relationships with clients and colleagues at all levels because of my excellent interpersonal skills. Team player that works well in a busy atmosphere.  QUALIFICATIONS*Word Processing *MS Windows *Typing 65wpm *IDX *BICS             *MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook *RMS  *Medical Terminology              *CPT & ICD-9 coding *Kronos *PeoplesoftWORK EXPERIENCE12/99 - 07/2013                              Brigham and Womens Physicians Org.	Brookline, MA
Office Manager
Reporting directly to the Director of Patient Financial Customer Services Manages the activities of the Patient Service Department, a staff of thirty seven administrative/clerical personnel. Process expense checks, work orders, check requests, supply requisitions, and payments of invoices. In conjunction with the Manager of Charge Entry, and the Supervisor of Cash Posting, creates an effective management team which emphasizes quality management, efficient cost-effective operations, together with a sharp focus on customer service and satisfaction. 
5/96 - 12/99     Brigham and Womens Hospital	Boston, MA
Executive Assistant
Reported directly to the Chairman of the Department of Medicine.  Coordinated his calendars, booked appointments, scheduled conferences, prepared and processed grant proposals as well as various other duties as assigned. 


8/95 - 5/96       New England Medical Center	Boston, MA
Infertility Clinic Financial Coordinator
Responsible for obtaining insurance approvals for patients desiring infertility treatments at the Clinic.  Booked appointments, surgeries and testing for patients.  Typed, printed and faxed correspondence pertaining to patient care. Called in orders and prescriptions for patients.
9/93 - 8/95      New England Medical Center	Boston, MA
Secretary 
Responsible for keeping the calendars of 7 physicians in the infertility clinic.  Booked appointments, typed correspondence, answered phone lines, coordinated appointments with other clinics. Scheduled patient testings and procedures.EDUCATION9/92 - 3/93	Jewish Vocational Services	Boston, MA
Medical Office Skills Program
* Diploma, Medical Terminology Certificate, Typing award, CPT & ICD-9 Certificate
1989-1991          Roxbury Community College	Roxbury, MA	
Business Management 
* Credits earned
1986-1989	Madison Park High School	Roxbury, MA
Diploma
* English Honors, Math Club, Senior Class Representative, Captain of Cheerleading Squad
REFERENCESAvailable Upon Request
