EDUCATIONUniversity of South CarolinaMLIS/MA, Library and Information Science and English Literature 2011Concentrations: Rhetorical Theory, Composition Pedagogy, Bibliographic Instruction, Information Literacy, Information Ethics, Cultural StudiesThesis: "Bibliographic Instruction and Information Literacy for First-Year Composition Students: The Role of the Teacher and the Librarian"University of South CarolinaB.A. with Honors, Philosophy2004Concentrations: Cultural Studies, Continental Philosophy, Rhetoric, Aesthetics
Cognate: Literary TheoryHonors Thesis: "Twee as Me: Representations of Gender within the Indie-Pop Subculture"SKILLS* Computer skills - proficiency in Microsoft Office, Windows XP, Mac OS, Adobe Photoshop, web design, typing speed of 65 words-per-minute
* Language - 7 years of French instruction
* Public Speaking/Research - 6 years of competition in interscholastic debate including several state and national titlesTEACHING EXPERIENCEUniversity of South Carolina, Columbia, South CarolinaInstructor - "Public Communication - Speech 140"
Taught principles of rhetoric, analysis, and public speaking to a variety of students.

Instructor - "English Composition 101 and 102"2008-Present



2006-2008Developed syllabus and overall course structure, and administered all grades.
Designed and taught a pilot course featuring technology and popular cultural studies to study new techniques and textbook options for English 102.Teaching Assistant - to Professor Ina Hark in "Intro to Film Studies"2004-2005Collaborated on curriculum and exam development, met with students upon request, and graded all written work, including final exam papers.Institute of Reading DevelopmentReading Instructor - "Reading Skills Enrichment Courses"June 2005 - PresentProvided excellent instruction to children and adults in a nationally recognized reading enrichment program.
Communicated with parents regularly about student progress.World Debate Institute, Burlington, VTJunior Faculty AssociateSummer 2001Instructed at-risk high school students from Urban Debate Leagues in the fundamentals of interscholastic debate.
Guided students in complex library research on the national high school debate topic.
Served as a supervisor and counselor to students during the evening hours.

RELATED EXPERIENCEWUSC-FM, Columbia, SCGraduate AssistantAugust 2005 - PresentSupported and supervised student staff members in execution of fundraising activities, DJ training, promotional events, and federal broadcasting requirements.
Exceeded projected revenue goals for the station by 100 percent.Station ManagerMay 2003 - May 2004Oversaw daily operation of college radio station including supervision of 5 paid staff members and 65 volunteers.
Raised station revenue by $20,000 during the fiscal year.
Insured that the station was in full compliance with all federal broadcast regulations and addressed all concerns from the public.Program DirectorMay 2002 - May 2003Scheduled and monitored up-to 24 hours a day of excellent programming on a noncommercial 2500 watt radio station.
Managed scheduling and disciplinary issues for nearly 70 volunteer DJs.
Assisted the Public Affairs Director with various fundraising activities with local businesses.University of South Carolina Departments of Film Studies and Library ScienceResearch Assistant
Assisted professors with research and proof-reading tasks.September 2004 - May 2005Self-EmployedIndependent ContractorApril 2003 - September 2004Assisted several clients with inbound order processing and reference verification services from my home office.USC Annual Fund, Columbia, SCCall Center OperatorSummer 2002Raised funds from friends and alumni of the University of South Carolina for academic programs.
Worked with a computer database and automatic dialer on a switchboard.Peace Action Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WICanvasserSummer 2000Completed door-to-door fund-raising for a social justice non-profit.
Served as a volunteer office assistant completing work on mailings and other tasks.PUBLICATIONS AND PAPERS"Twee as Me: Masculinity Within the Indie-Pop Subculture"                         
Paper present at the Pop Cultures Conference at Rice University, Houston, TXAWARDSCollege of Library and Information Science ScholarshipUndergraduate Research FellowshipDean's List and President's ListUniversity of South Carolina University ScholarSERVICE* Volunteer Mentor for Big Brothers Big Sisters
* Volunteer Advocate for Sexual Trauma Services of the Midlands
* Event Chair TEDxColumbiaSC 2015 
