

Profile

An Associate’s Degree of Web Design with high proficiency in graphic design. Knowledgeable in the process of planning and creating websites. Have hands-on experience with screen printing and operating printing presses. Familiar with many aspects of electronics technology, and constantly looking for technological innovations that can be implemented.




Objective

To obtain a position within the technology sector, in order to utilize technical skills in the fields of electronics, information technology, web and graphic design.




Education

2009 –  2011
Columbus Technical College – Columbus, GA
Associate's Degree in Internet Specialist - Web Design

2005 – 2009 
Kendrick High School –  Columbus, GA
Diploma




Work Experience

2014 – Present
Office Depot/OfficeMax – Columbus, GA
Print Services Specialist


Assisting customers with their printing, faxes and questions.
Completing and processing desktop publishing orders. Orders include business cards, flyers, banners, invitations, and labels.
Clean, restock and maintain merchandise and product displays.
Providing assistance in other areas of the store based on the business need.

2013
UPS, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. – Columbus, GA
Driver Helper


Delivered packages to customers’ doorsteps.
Provided additional assistance to the drivers.

2012 – Present
Independent Contractor – Columbus, GA
Creating websites and promotional graphics


Developing websites for clients.
Designing CD covers, flyers & book covers for clients.
Assisting clients with their electronics troubleshooting and answering their technology-related questions.
Completing online microtasks, cloud-based labor tasks. Microtasks including data entry, image & video categorization, audio transcription, and search engine optimization (SEO).

2009 – Present
Kingdom Metropolitan Worship Centre – Columbus, GA
IT Department/Graphic Design Team


Providing IT assistance for services by using SongShow Plus to display lyrics, PowerPoint presentations, promotional graphics & videos.
Designing promotional graphics such as signs, flyers, logos, billboards, handouts, CD & DVD covers, newspaper ads & business cards.
Developed and maintaining the main KMWC website and the website for the associated private school, Kingdom Christian Academy.
Troubleshooting electronic, video, and audio issues with various equipment.
Overseeing video recording and production of DVDs.




Skills

Software
Photoshop
Dreamweaver
Flash
InDesign
Illustrator
Fireworks
WordPress
Windows 7/8
OSX
Outlook
Microsoft Office
Publisher
Movie Maker
Google Apps






Computer Language
HTML
PHP
CSS
JavaScript






Personal Qualities
Creative
Adaptable
Sociable
Multitasking
Self-improving
Intellectually curious
Dependable






Awards

2011
SkillsUSA – 1st Place, Web Design (State)

2011
SkillsUSA – Finalist, Web Design (National)

2011
SkillsUSA Work-Ready certificate

2009
KHS Perfect Attendance 9th-12th

2009
CTAE Business Award

2009
SkillsUSA – 1st Place, Statesman Pin Design (State)

2009
SkillsUSA – 2nd Place, Graphic Communications (Regional)

2009
SkillsUSA – 3rd Place, Promotional Graphic (State)

2005
Who's Who Among American High School Students











References




























