- Curriculum VitaeEducation* 2000-05: North Manchester Community school for girls      GCSEs: 7 A-C's* 2005-07: Pendleton College      BTEC in Dance* 2007-10: Edgehill University	BA Hons in Dance.* 2013-14 University of Chester	CTTLS & PTTLS* 2013-15 University of Chester      PGCE in lifelong learning	      Training* April 2015: Team Teach behavior managementEmploymentSummer 2015 - NCS, The Challenge, Support worker	This summer I have been selected to work for NCS again, this time with The Challenge and as a support worker, working one to one with a young person who has additional needs. I will be extra support for the team mentor as well as giving specific care and assistance to the young person I am matched with.Jan 2015 - Present - Vision for education, Cover supervisor.	In addition to teaching at Oldham College, I currently work 5 days a week for a supply agency. I cover general lessons on a daily basis in secondary schools throughout Manchester. I am currently working long term at a secondary school in Oldham through the agency.Sep 2014 - present - Oldham College, Student dance teacher	I currently work at Oldham College on a voluntary basis, teaching dance and movement skills to level 1, 2 and 3 BTEC students in years 1 and 2. My responsibilities include all planning of classes to link in with Schemes of works and that relate to other classes on the student's schedules as well as full delivery of sessions. It is also crucial within my role to provide learning support to students and to liaise with program leaders and other members of staff to ensure the best learning is provided. I deliver and plan both practical and theory sessions.Feb 2014 (Seasonal) NCS (Salford foundation)	I worked with Salford Foundation in partnership with the NCS project. In the spring half term I acted as a youth worker and accompanied 200 16-17 year olds on a residential and social action plan, where I was responsible for my own team of 13 youths. 2013-2014 Wright Robinson Sports College, Student dance teacher	I taught voluntarily at Wright Robinson School as a student teacher. I had three classes that I was responsible for which were years 9 and 10. I planned and delivered GCSE and BTEC dance classes and have also assisted in assessments. I had regular observations from my degree lecturers and the current dance teacher at the school to monitor my progress.2011-2014 Dance Instructor	    I was self-employed as a free lance dance instructor predominantly working in and around the Tameside area in both school and youth club settings. Most of the groups I worked with were children between the ages of 1 and 16 years old. I taught lots of different genres depending on what the establishment require. I also had a weekly class working with children with Downs Syndrome and have previously worked with younger children with various learning, mental and physical disabilities at various locations across Manchester. Being self employed I organised, planned and arranged classes for myself as well as invoice for work and liaise with school management. 2011- 2012 Junior Jam, Dance Leader.2007- 2010 The Sheldon Arms, Waitress/bar staff.2005-2007 H&M, Retail AssistantPersonal StatementI have been teaching for around four years and couldn't imagine doing anything else. I am an outgoing and encouraging person who has a great passion for working with children and young people and will take any opportunity offered to do so. I attempt to spend half terms working with young people in a youth working capacity so I experience all aspects and sides of being a support, mentor and teacher to young people. I have great organizational and structural skills but also enjoy the unpredictability of working with young people and children and so am also greatly flexible when needed. I believe myself to be fair yet firm when needed and that behavior management is a great catalyst in enhancing education. I have studied dance since I was a very young child and started professional training at college. I have trained in and taught a wide variety of dance styles including contemporary, contact improvisation, jazz, street/hip-hop, commercial, ballet, tap, capoeira and physical theatre. I have taught all ages and specialize in GCSE, BTEC and A-Level. I take any opportunity I can to partake in CPD to further my knowledge and teaching.	ReferencesPlease contact me if required.