

OBJECTIVE
Sample Resume

PERSONAL STATEMENT
I'm recently retired after working 27 years with xxxxxxx who are a major UK defence manufacturer. During my employment I have managed teams of engineers who have overseen major manufacturing projects. I have good interpersonal skills and have experience in the production of high quality written reports.
Since retiring from full time employment I have become self employed repairing and refurbishing consumer electronics including PC's, Laptop, IPads and phones.
I also enjoy completing mystery shopping for approximately 20 different companies and over the last year have completed over 500 assignments ranging from simple retail visits to overnight hotel stays.


EDUCATION
My major qualifications consist of an Ordinary National Diploma in Technology as well as a Higher National Diploma in Mechanical Engineering.  

During my career I have completed several minor courses covering software use and development, people management and use of technical and workplace computer software programmes.


EMPLOYMENT
1981 - 1986 Romag Security Laminates, Blaydon Tyne and Wear.
I was employed as a development engineer with the responsibility for developing new products ranging from Bullet Proof Glass to Gas Mask Lenses.

1986 - 2013
BAE Systems PLC
Working as a project Manager in the development, production and demonstration of military vehicles ranging from Light Armoured Vehicles to the latest Heavy Main Battle Tank.

2013 -
Semi Retired and self employed. Working at the repair and refurbishment of electronics equipment and conducting mystery shopping assignments for several companies. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
I was successful in completing many major projects with time and within budget and have had a major part in protecting and supporting UK forces whilst in active combat during several recent conflicts.


SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS
If have a good knowledge of written English and an expert knowledge of writing technical products. I can produce a high quality report and have good experience of people management.


FURTHER INFORMATION
I enjoy Mountain Biking and playing Badminton.
