Work Experience

Southmead Hospital, NHS
Healthcare Support Worker
July 2015 - Present

This role entailed helping patients to wash, shower or dress, serving food or helping people eat, making and changing beds, turning patients who are confined to bed to avoid pressure sores, talking to patients to help them feel less anxious, helping patients to move around if they find it difficult, giving out and collecting bedpans, helping patients to the toilet, making sure the ward or patients' rooms are tidy, keeping supplies and equipment in order taking and recording observations such as blood sugar level, temperature, pulse and breathing.
I was required to attend handover at the start of the shift and pass over all relevant information in the handover at the end of the shift.  Shifts were 12.5 hours long and I was assigned 8 patients who would be under my care for the entirety of the shift.  I was required to report to the nurse and doctor in charge of my patients regularly.


Her Majesty's Passport Office, Teleperformance
Customer Service Advisor
February 2015 - July 2015

I was employed by Teleperformance who are employed by Her Majesty's Passport Office to provide call and email support to customer's applying for passports.  This role required me to learn a vast amount of knowledge to be able to assist customers with their passport related queries.  As mentioned above this work is primarily call based, secondarily email based.   Each call lasts on average for five minutes but of course some calls will take less time and more complicated calls often take a lot longer.  Typical calls will include booking a customer an appointment, tracking a customer's live application, and giving general advice on a customer's eligibility to apply and how to do so.
This was a very target-orientated job and so I am required to meet with my team leader every week and discuss how I am meeting my current targets and what targets we can set for the future.  Targets included an average call handling time of 320 seconds and a 'wrap up' time of 20 seconds.  During my time at this job I won an award for 'the most improved wrap time' and 'overall fastest wrap time'.


Molloy's Bar
Bar Team Member
October 2014 - January 2015

Molloy's is a bar and nightclub in Bath.  I primarily worked during the evening shifts and weekends.  These were of course the busiest shifts and I was required to work long shifts that lasted, on occasion, up to 17 hours.   My role as a bar team member primarily was serving customers, preparing beverages, cleaning glasses, waiting on tables, 'bussing' for glasses, and occasionally assisting in the kitchen.


Bath University Accommodation Service
Temporary Porter/Cleaner
August 2014 - October 2014

This role spanned the summer of 2014 when the University halls of accommodation were used as guestrooms for business conferences/sports events/staff training camps.  The duties included, but were not limited to, preparing rooms for new guests, changing linen, replenishing tea and coffee, cleaning bathrooms thoroughly, cleaning communal kitchens and removing rubbish.  I was also responsible for ensuring that clean linen was available for my colleagues to work with.


Cambian Specialist Education Services
Support Worker
November 2013 - July 2014

Cambian Group is a national company that provides services for children with Asperger's Syndrome, a form of Autism.  The school I represented was located in Bournemouth and was called The Wing Centre.  I was responsible for 8 teenage boys with Asperger's Syndrome whilst they were living in one of the school's colleges.  I worked 12.5 hours through the night each shift.  One of the most essential parts of this role was communication within a team.  The staff at the house was split into 4 groups - 2 day staff teams and 2 night staff teams.  I was responsible for the daily handover.  This was when the team whose shift has just finished fills in the team who is about to begin on the day's events.  
Although the communication between staff was vital, my main duty was to ensure the well-being of the students.  Their well-being was defined by their safety from others and themselves, but also their happiness and fulfilment.  I was always required to guide the students and give them advice to help them progress towards and achieve each of their own specific goals.  This aspect of the job was incredibly rewarding when I saw them progress or succeed.  Being the only member of my team who was eligible to drive the company vehicle I was also responsible for taking the students into the community - a vital part of their development.  Activities included trips to the cinema, trips to music and sports events, and transporting students between colleges.  
My team members and I were responsible for writing in each of the students' 'observation books' and these had to be written objectively and in great detail.  Other duties included checking the house and student budgets, laundry, cooking meals, and general cleaning.  Regular training was necessary for this job and I hold a Management for Actual or Potential Agression (MAPA) certification.


The Tasburgh House
Assistant Hotel Manager and Kitchen Manager
May 2012 - September 2012

I began working at the Tasburgh House in 2012 as a kitchen porter.  The Tasburgh House is a Five-Star Guesthouse with 14 guestrooms situated in Bath.  The roles and duties for which I was responsible for rapidly increased within the kitchen to start with, and then for the hotel as a whole.  
The main duties with this role were preparing breakfast for up to 34 guests, preparing rooms for check-ins, maintaining the seven-acre garden, and administration duties.  I became more involved in the customer-facing roles as I became more involved in the running of the hotel.  
The customer-facing duties included checking in and welcoming new guests, giving guests a tour of the house and gardens, advising guests on the local attractions and directing them, providing room service and fulfilling any other requests a guest may have had.  All of the above duties were performed to the level expected of a five-star guesthouse. 


Co-Operative Food
Customer Service Assistant
May 2009 - June 2010

Originally Somerfield, I worked for Co-Operative throughout their transition period.  This job's primary duties were serving customers on the checkout/tobacco kiosk and stock replenishment.  Other duties included customer queries, cleaning the store, and unloading deliveries.



Sony Centre
Customer Service Assistant
June 2008 - September 2008

I undertook this role during the summer after I took my GCSEs which was also of course the busy season for the shop.  This role saw me assist the manager with the day-to-day running of the store.  I was primarily responsible for advising and serving customers.  The store held a vast variety of technical products such as cameras, laptops and televisions; a good knowledge of all the products was essential.  I also assisted with repairs of faulty Sony products, deliveries, and stock replenishment.


Bath University Catering Services
Kitchen Porter
February 2008 - June 2008

The duties for this role included washing up, keeping the kitchen clean, assisting chefs, preparing the dining hall before lunch, and occasionally serving customers and taking orders.


Adam Gallery
Assistant to the Manager
January 2007 - February 2007

While at school I had the option of doing a work experience placement.  I chose to take this opportunity and spent two weeks working at Adam Gallery in Bath - a modern art gallery.  This was only a short experience and I would personally class it as learning experience rather than a working experience. I gained a wealth of knowledge as I was constantly working with the owner and manager.  It gave me a great insight into how a company is run and the lengths that galleries such as this one must go to in order to represent the extremely high standards they aim to achieve.


Blathwayt Arms
Kitchen Porter
June 2005 - December 2007

This was a part time job that involved washing up, keeping the kitchen clean, assisting chefs and taking orders.  As I matured within this role I also began waiting on tables.


