

SUCCESSES	•	QUT Distinction - 2012
• CSUF Fall Honours Role/Student Exchange - 2010
• OP5 & A on the QCS - 2008
• Sheldon College Prefect - 2008
• Participating in the QUT START Program - 2008
• (Pathways for ICT/Business Tertiary Entrance) - High Distinction

EDUCATION	Master of Technology (Business Systems)  
	Swinburne University, Melbourne, Australia
	Currently Enrolled - Expected Graduation 2017
Bachelor of Information Technology / Business (Management) 
	Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia
	Graduated 2012
Bachelor of Information Technology / Business (Management) 
California State University, Fullerton, United States of America
Student Exchange
Certificate III in Information Technology 
Southbank Institute of TAFE, Brisbane, Australia
Graduated 2008
High School Certificate 
Sheldon College, Capalaba, Australia
Graduated 2008

SKILLS	Problem Solving • Technical Research • Office Administration • Supplier Liaison • Communication and Team Building • Public Speaking • Documentation • Microsoft Office • Customer Service 

EXPERIENCE	IT Support Analyst • 
(March 2015 - Current)
Identify, research and resolve to customer problems whilst ensuring timely resolutions and consistent tracking and documentation. Communicate with both internal and external customers and their respective parties about hardware and software issues. 
Administration Officer • 
(July 2013 - July 2014)
Provide a high level of customer and administrative support to a wide variety of hospital stakeholders. Maintain high work ethics, and manage workloads whilst balancing quality and efficiency. Ensure that the legislative and business policy obligations are met on a daily basis. Build strong relationships with external and internal customers, including complaint management, waitlist management, balancing stakeholder needs and fostering a team environment.

Executive Assistant • 
(December 2011 - July 2013)
Provide high-level organizational and administrative support to the Google Enterprise Team, including research, reporting, information requests, and managing team member functions (time sheets, resumes, correspondence, interviews, etc). Work closely with team members, and other business departments to achieve organizational goals, and to actively maintain the public facing Dialog website for the Google Enterprise Practice team. 

IT Helpdesk and Support • 
(March 2011 - December 2011) 
Provide ongoing onsite assistance to staff members on multiple communication levels (phone, email and face to face). Maintain and service various computers throughout the organization, whilst providing support with basic help desk duties such as troubleshooting internal customer inquiries, problem solving and communicating with internal and external customers.
Sales & Service • 
(March 2009 - June 2010) 
Work closely with management to provide the highest possible customer service and satisfaction through ensuring high quality service and products. Ensure new promotions and sales are processed accurately, whilst ensuring stock is filled and displayed in a visually appealing manner.
IT Helpdesk and Support • 
(December 2006 - December 2008) 
Provide ongoing onsite assistance to teachers and students on multiple communication levels (phone, email and face to face). Maintain and service various computers throughout the college, whilst working closely with team members to ensure the college ran smoothly on a day to day basis.

REFEREES	 



