
A fully experienced administrator with wide IT skills. Looking for a position that carries responsibility and a variety of work.

Key Skills

> An excellent communicator (written and oral) who is capable of working with all levels of staff
> High level of administrative skills
> Keen team worker who is able to train others
> Active problem-solver
> Reliable and trustworthy with ability to take responsibility for tasks

Experience

October 2007-		Morriston Hospital, Swansea
To date		
Medical Records Clerk. Initially taken on to go through database and prepare lists of deceased patients and remove their records from Hospital Records and archive/destroy as per NHS guidelines and Hospital policy. Given permanent contract and was responsible for 
preparation of clinic notes for a range outpatient apointments. This involved tracking case notes on the computer database and ensuring notes were available for clinic. Ensuring case notes held at other hospitals were requisitioned and made available for consultants. 

March 2006-		Llanelli Rural Council Training, Llanelli
May 2007
Undertaking IT training (see post-school qualifications). Also work placement at Prince Philip Hospital, Llanelli setting up the Occupational Health Database.

1994-2005 Montford Instruments Ltd, London NW10

Started with company as Buyer and later also took on responsibility as Stores Manager and Health and Safety Officer. Obtained HSE Foundation Diploma in Industrial Health and Safety. Was also responsible for upgrading and maintenance of company IT systems since 1999. Developed Excel solution for contract Job Costing. Introduced computerised stock control using MADICS software package. Covered as payroll officer for weekly paid staff using Access Accounting software.

1990-1994 Jandor Metal Doors Ltd, Alperton, Middlesex

Finishing Department Manager responsible for all painted and plated work. The company manufactured Industrial Steel Door Frames and Doors. Was in overall charge of 6 staff and was fully in control of budgets, purchasing and staff supervision. Liaised with architects and site personnel regarding transport of finished goods. Coordinated deliveries using company and sub-contract transport.  


1982-1990 S & H Engineering Co Ltd, Alperton, Middlesex

In charge of all purchasing of materials and sub-contract finishing. Introduced computerised material requirement scheduling and production job timings. Was responsible for non-production staff supervision.


1979-1982 Roger Squire Ltd, Barnet, Herts


1974-1979 Goodyear Tyres Ltd, Glasgow



Education and Training

Education		Holyrood Senior Secondary School, Glasgow 1967-73

School			4 Higher Grades (English, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry)
Qualifications		7 Ordinary Grades
			Note: Higher Grades were equivalent to English/Welsh A Levels

Post-School		OCR Adult Numeracy and Literacy Levels 1 & 2
Qualifications		Key Skills Level 1 in 5 disciplines	
			STEPS Personal Development Certificate
			OCR Level 1 Certificate for IT Users (New CLAiT 2006)
			OCR Level 2 Diploma for IT Users (CLAiT Plus)
			OCR ITQ Level 2

I gained the Post-School qualifications during the period with Llanelli Rural Council Training. The 5 CLAiT Plus modules passed to gain the diploma were in Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Outlook.

Hobbies and Interests

I was actively involved in Hospital Broadcasting for over 20 years, holding many major committee positions and winning a BT Broadcasting award in 2000. I represented London on the National Executive Committee of the Hospital Broadcasting Association for 5 years. I have also served on the Executive Committee of the Friends of Barnet Hospital. I moved to South Wales in late 2005 as my partner lived there. We subsequently married and enjoy lavishing attention on our three dogs. I enjoy music, reading, watching sports and outdoor activities

Personal

Good general health
Non-smoker
British passport
References available on request

Any Person
23 My Street, Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, SA15 1XX
Tel: 01554 000000               Mobile: 0781 000 0000
   E-mail: myname@outlook.com


