
OBJECTIVETo obtain a position with your company as a Raw Materials Coordinator in order to accurately and efficiently streamline the process of procurement, inventory, and storage of raw materials at the Jackson, TN plant.SKILLS & ABILITIES* Four Years of Accounting and Procurement Experience with U.S. Military
* Led Training for More Than 300 Personnel
* Business Management Major at University
* Works Well Individually or as a Member of a Team
* Management and Conflict Resolution
* Supervisory Experience
* Strong Microsoft Office Skills Across All Platforms (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)
* SAP Experience
* Ability to Multi-task and Achieve Efficient Results
* Inventory Tracking Experience

EXPERIENCE


OPERATOR, MANUFACTURING
April 2014-Present
Obtained skills as a Pilot Plant Line Operator and Laboratory Technician. 
Creates analytic data graphs and charts for shift's Wildly Important Goals bi-weekly.
Assists with inventory tracking for raw materials consumed on Line 9 and Minor Add Room.
Assisted Jackson plant in achieving over 400 days of no injuries resulting in a favorable culture of safety on the site. 
Supported the plant as a member of the safety committee. 
Perfect attendance from date hired to present to include 0 tardy days and 0 missed meetings.

Assisted Pilot Plant in creating new trials for customers and small commercial products for repeat customers. 
Assured quality within the plant by being a certified laboratory technician. 
Intimate knowledge of the Jackson area as well as the Manufacturing plant..

LOGISTICS SPECIALIST, UNITED STATES NAVY 
April 2010-April 2014
Provided procurement and accountability for repairable and consumable parts valued at over $3.5 million. 
Supervised as many as 25 personnel during an extended 9 month deployment to over 7 countries.
Implemented financial planning and regulations that assisted finishing the last 3 fiscal years under budget and mission ready.
Communicated effectively with military and civilian supply chain personnel both foreign and domestic to receive parts and logistics support.
Received two special accommodation medals from CEO for support provided from 2012-2014.
Created and administered supply training to over 500 personnel over 3 years.


SERVER, OLIVE GARDEN ITALIAN RESTAURANT 
February 2008-April 2010
Provided excellent customer service to an average of 150 guests per night.
Assisted in Olive Garden Jackson to receive the title of "Diamond Club" making it one of the top Olive Garden restaurants in the country.
Worked alongside a diverse group of employees without conflict and helped to resolve many issues before they became problems.
Provided training to as many as 15 new employees.

EDUCATIONUNIVERSITY -VA - B.S. BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: HUMAN RESOURCE CONCENTRATION (IN PROGRESS)
Currently attending  University seeking a B.S. in Business Management with an estimated graduation date of August 2016.PROCUREMENT EXPERIENCEProcured repair and consumable parts and materials for 4 years including lead procurement agent for 2 years.
Tracked inventory and created a new inventory system for 4 storerooms of over 100,000 individual parts valued at over $3.0m. 
Held the only commercial purchase card on the ship; Ensured proper record of purchases with 0 infractions.
Received 3 meritorious citations for excellence in procurement. COMMUNICATIONWorked with military and civilian personnel across the United States and the world during military career.
Customer Service experience dating back to 2004.
Lead supply trainer onboard USS New York from 2012-2014.COMMUNICATIONPossesses the ability and willingness to work with individuals at all levels; worked closely with the newest sailors as well as having meetings and projects with the ship's CEO.
Worked with military and civilian personnel across the United States and the world during military career.
Customer Service experience dating back to 2004.
Lead supply trainer.SAFETYMember of safety committee.
Involved with various safety related ongoing projects.
Helped to drive positive change in several day-to-day tasks onboard a dangerous naval ship. 
Member of safety committee at Olive Garden 2009.
Page 3

