
Highly Motivated and innovative professional with outstanding communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills. Over 18 years of experience in graphics design, web design, print/digital marketing including social media, administrative tasks, and event planning. Proven ability to balance priorities, meet tight deadlines and produce superior quality work. 

EXPERIENCEECOMMERCE MARKETING COORDINATOR: Research Mannikins (Lebanon, OR), 2014 - present 
Responsible for generating online sales for four different stores using ad campaign strategies, analytics, email marketing, digital advertising, Google Adwords, content management, and social media. Also lead website designer and administrator in charge of design, layout, updates, and troubleshooting of oscommerce and Magento CMS platforms.  
ADMINISTRATIVE AND MARKETING ASSISTANT: Delene Myers with REMAX  (Albany, OR), Coldwell Banker Valley Brokers (Corvallis, OR) 2012 - 2014
Assisted multiple real estate brokers with designing, printing, and distributing physical and digital marketing materials for open houses, new listings, price changes, and promotions. Responsible for engaging content management of multiple social media and blogging platforms such as Facebook, Active Rain, Postlets, Realtown, and Wordpress.
GRAPHICS DESIGNER: Freelance, 1999 - 2006
Consulted with clients to design web graphics and websites, as well as created specialized marketing campaign plans. Work included SEO, ad and forum banners, photo retouching and colorization, page layouts, typography, business pages, invitations, business cards, and logos.EDUCATIONASSOCIATES IN GENERAL STUDIES: Linn-Benton Community College (Albany, OR),  2013
GPA 3.87
Classes include psychology, sociology, public relations, technical writing, and communication
BTEC HND IN GRAPHICS DESIGN: Blackpool and the Fylde College (Blackpool, United Kingdom), 1999SKILLSSOFTWARE: Adobe Creative Suite: Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, InDesign. Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, Publisher, Outlook, Powerpoint
EXPERTISE: HTML/CSS, Social Media Marketing: Facebook, Google+, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, Content Management, Search Engine Optimization, Web Analytics, Print and digital Marketing, Graphics Design, Technical Writing and Editing, Administrative Tasks such as filing, multiline phones, scanning, compiling reports and spreadsheets, event planning
