NAME NAME
Phone number	e-mail address

PROFILE
* Experience teaching at undergraduate and postgraduate level in Policing, Psychology, Criminology and Statistics with a keen interest in a career in academia, developing own research profile
* Member of the ... network concerned with international policy development and research within gang membership
* Trained and experience executing qualitative and quantitative interviews with various populations, including offenders with and without mental illness; killed analysing various types of data
* Experience of working in highly stressful and demanding environments and developing resilience in self and others. Adapts to new environments, systems and procedures in a quick manner
EDUCATION
2012 - present	University of Kent
	PhD in Forensic Psychology - examination of youth gang membership

2010-2011	University of Kent
	Msc Forensic Psychology (Final mark: Distinction)

2007 - 2010	Canterbury Christ Church University
	Ba (Hons) Psychology and Applied Criminology (Final mark: 2.1)

2005 - 2006 	Oakmont High School, USA (exchange year)
Achieved a certificate in AP Statistics and was awarded for academic achievement with a 4.0 GPA

MEMBERSHIP/TRAINING / WORKSHOPS
2015	Certificate of accomplishment with distinction: Clinical Trial Methods
	Certificate: Mental Health and Illness workshop; Diploma: Mental Health Studies
2013	Clinical observational training by Prof. ... and Dr. ...
2013	Member of the Eurogang network - an international collective concerned with international research and international policies and legislations within the area of gang membership
2012	ATAP, Small group teaching, Lecturing and marking workshops	

2012	Applying the Good Lives Model in Offender Rehabilitation: An Introductory Workshop Bringing Together Research and Practice: Firesetting and Street Gangs

2011	Observational Training Interviewing Mentally Disordered and Non-Mentally Disordered Offenders by Professor Theresa Gannon

2011	Communication Skills; Cross-Cultural Communication; Media Awareness and Relations; Workshop on Homelessness 

2010	Being a Leader; Interview Skills; Effective Team Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
September 2015 - present	Lecturer in Policing, Canterbury Christ Church University
In this new role, I am the module leader for three Undergraduate modules, including Policing & the Criminal Justice System, Professional Policing and Community Based study. I am also a part of a Multi-professional practice group and am involved in building a research profile within the private security industry. 




March 2015 - present 		Research assistant, in collaboration with Kent Police

This new and exciting project aims to consider the levels of threat experienced by residents of Kent due to various external forces and to consider client needs, in terms of strategies and policies put into place. This project was awarded a faculty grant. 



January 2013 - present		Sessional lecturer, Canterbury Christ Church University

Throughout this position, I have applied my expertise within gang membership to my teaching as I continuously underlined the cross-cultural and cross-national differences in research agendas and policies relating to the prevention and rehabilitation of such population, as well as the practices the police use in attempts to prevent such occurrences. I have gained a number of unique skills during this post. I taught at an Undergraduate level within the Policing department, where I was involved in lecture and seminar preparation and delivery, marking of essays, discussion assessments and bachelor theses. Further, I undertook work for the psychology department, where I was involved at all Undergraduate levels. I gained experience within a variety of psychological modules and assessments, including essays, reports and oral discussions. I have been directly involved in the preparation of one module where I consulted on the content and assessments. 

Sep 2012 - present		Assistant Lecturer, University of Kent

As part of my PhD studies, I teach social psychology seminars and psychology statistics and practicals. Both of these are on a second year level. I have also been involved in postgraduate statistics workshops. I am directly involved in seminar preparation and delivery, marking, and providing feedback. 

Sep 2013 - August 2014		Assistant Psychologist, University of Kent

I have been given the opportunity to become an Assistant Psychologist on a project testing the Firesetting Intervention Program for Prisoners (FIPPP) in the Sheppey Cluster prisons. I was involved in administering psychometric questionnaires, interpreting these, assisting in a treatment group setting and observed individual sessions. This has given me invaluable experience within a correctional setting, appreciating its complex nature on a deeper level. 

Oct 2011- May 2012		Data Collection Assistant, University of Kent

I became part of a project exploring psychological characteristics of gang members within the UK population. My role consisted of administering questionnaires to a youth population, aged 15 to 18 years old, currently imprisoned. I learned how to communicate with such population and had to adapt quickly to the regulations concerning such population. I faced challenges from the youth offenders which gave me valuable experience in dealing with such circumstances, for example, by opening ACCTs, SIRs and putting notes into the observation books. I also learned the value of communicating with prison officers, psychologists and other people involved in terms of overcoming possible problems. I learned a great deal about overcoming deception and unwanted advances by the offenders. 

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
2012-present			University of Kent, PhD thesis

As my PhD project, I am looking into the area of gang membership from a combined sociological and psychological perspective. I am interested in the way groups effect individuals and vice versa with aims of enriching current understanding of the reason youth prefer gangs to other groups. I have developed my own questionnaires for this project and was successful in applying for NOMS ethics. I gained access to four YOIs and managed to interview 200 offenders using a mixed, quantitative and qualitative, approach. I feel that this research experience, in specific, enabled me to gain experience in conducting independent research which I am aiming to continue in as part of my future roles. 

2011 - 2013			University of Kent, Research assistant

I was very lucky to be given an opportunity to work on a Firesetting project led by the Forensic Psychology department of the University of Kent. This project gave me experience working with various populations, including adult male, female and youth offenders, with and without mental illness. I learned how to conduct quantitative and qualitative research in a professional manner. This work relied largely on team work but required me to take initiative when needed. I learned to react quickly to unforeseen circumstances and deal with incidents concerning offenders. I gained insight into the theoretical background of firesetting and have contributed to the analysis of qualitative interviews. 

2011 				HMP Canterbury

I have been involved in a project for HMP Canterbury evaluating the personal officer scheme. This was done through qualitative research with foreign nationals and following the Grounded Theory Approach of analysis. This experience enriched my communication skills as many offenders spoke limited English or none at all. I therefore learned to work with interpreters and used the 'Big Word' phone translators.

2010 - 2011			University of Kent, MSc in Forensic Psychology

As my Master year dissertation, I tested the validity of the Own Race Bias in White and Black populations when real life video stimuli were presented. The extent to which this bias holds for the different populations and the role of interracial contact and certainty was tested to enrich the area of eyewitness testimony. 


2007 - 2010  			Canterbury Christ Church University, Bachelor Degree

During my bachelor degree, I completed both, quantitative and qualitative, research. As my final year project and presentation, I have tested cognitive development of children of four different age groups (from 2.5 to 14 years old), using a sorting task of Monet's and Picasso's paintings. 

PUBLICATIONS
.... (2013)... Psychiatry, 

... (2014)... Manuscript submitted for publication..

... (2014).... Law and Human Behavior.

... (2014) ... Law and Human Behavior.

 ...(2014). ... Psychology, Crime & Law

... (2014). ... Legal and Criminological Psychology (online). 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Computing	Training with MS word, Excell, PowerPoint. Skilled with the SPSS software. Familiar with Adobe Photoshop. Basic HTML, AMOS and G-POWER skills.
Languages	Slovak  (mother tongue); Czech - fluent;  English - fluent; German -intermediate
Driving	Full current clean driving license
Research	CRB clearance (dated September 2012)
	Key Training; Fire & Safety Training ; Self-defense Training
