
Personal Profile
I am an ambitious and tenacious worker at palm trading ltd. Over the past few years I have developed a variety key skills such as the ability to think critically and perceptively. I am able to manage my time and responsibilities well and work well with others. I am always eager to take on new responsibilities and challenges as they further strengthen and develop my skills and myself as an individual.

Education 
2014 - 2016	          Windsor Sixth Form, Halesowen
Current A-levels studying: Chemistry, Physics and Maths.


2009 - 2014		Ormiston Forge Academy, West Midlands
       Achieved 13 GCSEs at A-B including Maths, English and Triple Science.

Work Experience
13/07/2015-17/07/2015     Queen Elizabeth Hospital Cardiology Shadowing
? Observed many procedures such as ECG's, ambulancy monitoring, endoscopy, exercise testing and clinic.
? Discussed with surgeons and observed cardiovascular surgery.
? Interacted with a variety of patients.

12/2006 - Present     Palm Trading Business Manager 
	
       Ebay:
? Have produced and edited listings for over 200 products.
? Tended to over 500+ queries customers professionally with 4.9 out of 5 star customer feedback rating.
? Picked and packed over 4000+ items.

       Retail Store:

? Assisted in shop installation.
? Priced and catalogued over 200+ products.
? Readily operated till service.
? Responded to customer queries.
? Organised stock deliveries.
? Added listings and improvements to eCommerce website.

Interests
At home I am passionate about computer science and have been learning programming languages at home for a number of years also I am interested within eCommerce with Wordpress. I am also interested within photo manipulation and online marketing which I learnt myself from home. I occasionally enjoy to swim and play cricket. I Have attended the NCS with the challenge which has provided me great experiences, responsibility and skills for the future.

References available upon request.
