Objective 
An employment opportunity in a Computer Science related field. 

Education
University B.S. Computer Science, Mathematics; Minor Business/Administration May 2010
GPA: 3.5--Dean's List 6 Semesters
University Study Abroad Exchange Program Completed July 2009
GPA: 90 - High Distinction 

Relevant Experience 
Software Development May 2008 - August 2008 
Led team from many positions in the company in finding and implementing new bug-tracking solution.
Investigated current system (Lotus Notes), created requirements for a new tool, conducted meetings and demonstrations of possible solutions, created proposal for recommended course of action, configured and administered the new system (JIRA) after decision was made 
Created applications for migrating data between systems/databases using C#, XML, and Excel Macros 

Software Quality Assurance May 2007 - August 2007
Tested new software releases for the 
Designed and executed test procedures, reported incidents, and worked with databases and Rational software. 
Organized and led meetings of project leaders, developers and QA team members for each original test procedure. Learned to work idnependnetly and in a group setting. 

Association for Computing September 2007 - present 
Created and administer the Clarkson ACM Website using Dreamweaver and Photoshop 
Attend seminars by guest speakersin the computing industry 

Skills
Programming Experience - C++, Java, C#, XML, and Web Development 
Writing Skills - Ability to effeciently produce concise orgnaized reports, labs and memos 
Public Speaking - Finalist in Senior High School Public Speaking Competition. Gained confidence and learned to engage audiences with my creative speeches. 

Employment 
Clarkson Writing Center Potsdam, NY; Tutor August 2007 - Present 
Conduct writing conferences with students. Identify weaknesses in organization, development and style. Guide writers in solving the problems. 
Learned valuable interpersonal communication skills by collaborating with students from many fields. Trained in writing and tutoring. 

Teamwork 
Ski Club September 2007 - Present 
Intramurals - Captain of Basketball and Softball Teams September 2006 - Present