Executive SummaryAn enthusiastic and professional Software Developer, who enjoys being part of, as well as leading, a successful and productive team. Quick to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative solutions to problems. Able to work well on own initiative and demonstrate the high levels of motivation required to meet the tightest of deadlines. Even under significant pressure, possesses a strong ability to perform effectively.Expertise* C# .Net* Visual Studio 2013 * MVC  4* VB .Net* SQL Server 2012* HMTL 5 - CSS3* T-SQL* Crystal R / Stimulsoft* ASP.Net (Razor)* Team Foundation Server * Agile Methodology * XMLCareer Highlights* T-Systems had an old production ERP system with no option to get any reliable or timely reports. My objectives were: store all the relevant production info, create an entire new online system feed by the old ERP and allow the different managers to get reports adjusted to their needs. I created a new data warehouse in MSSQL that was filled by another application and using .Net technologies I designed and developed an entire new ERP application implemented in northern Spain. With the new system an effective production analysis was possible and the company could save 80% more time getting production info of our employees.* Lantek Germany had a customer who did not paid his last invoice of about 40k € due to some errors in our software. My job was to collect all the information about those problems in order to solve them as soon as possible. I prepared several documents with all the information about the bugs and a close list of problems to be solved, a test environment to reproduce the same state as the customer and I sent all the information to the support department. As soon as all the errors were solved and the solution was implemented at the customer, the company received the money.Career HistoryEmployer: Lantek Sheet Metal Solutions
Position: Software Developer
Dates: July 2011 to date
Technologies: C#, SQL Server 2008R2 / 2012, Framework 4.0, TSQL, Visual Studio 2013, MVC, XML, IIS, Crystal Reports, Stimulsoft Reports

Lantek is an Information Technology company who develops it's own software solutions.* My current position as main Application Support Developer where I have to fix all the bugs for Lantek's ERP web-based and develop some new features for the new product version.
* As software developer in my first seven months, I was charged with the development and testing of the new features of our ERP web system. * I was selected from several candidates to be relocated in Lantek's german office, for the solutions department (2/12 - 10/13). Providing complete and efficient Support to customers, reporting all bugs in the system, collecting and developing customer requirements for new customizations.Achievements:* Developed all the features for the new release of Lantek's ERP and fixed 100% of the bugs detected on time.* Reduced the pending open problems in German market by 60%.* Established good working relationships with customers/clients.Employer: T-Systems
Position: Software Developer
Dates: October 2007 to July 2011
Technologies: Visual Studio, VB.Net, VB6, IIS, ASP. Net, HTML, SQL Server, TSQL

T-Systems is one of the largest IT support providers in Europe.* Development of a data warehouse with all the company production information to analyse and detect weaknesses in our way of working.* Design, development and maintenance of an internal ERP application system to manage: customer calls, calendar employees, reporting, communications...* Design of an internal web site to handle all the issues for certains customers.* Automatise production data extraction between the current production ERP system and the new data warehouse.Achievements:* Implantation of a new ERP system in the entire northern area of Spain, improving the quality of our customer service.* Datamining the production of our employees analysing several KPIs (efficiency, effectiveness, profitability...) saving thousands of €.* Creation of a total online system between the current production ERP and the new one.Employer: EGA informatica
Position: QA Engineer (Placement)
Dates: January 2007 to June 2008
* EGA had the goal of getting level two in CMMI. For that reason EGA wanted to introduce a test environment in the company. My work was to become an expert with the Team System Foundation and to adjust it to the requirements of the company.Employer: Basque Country Government
Position: Placement
Dates: January 2005 to July 2005
* Migration from an old Web system to a new one based on Java Struts.Recommendations:"In carrying out this work has shown a high level of initiative and dedication, being clear his integrity of character, commitment to the objectives, highly motivated and hard-working team. Therefore, the performance of Roberto Rabasco been entirely satisfactory for this company"José Manuel Lavín Lajo - Manager of North Zone Production T-Systems"His character gives him the abilities for work in group, and to build groups focused on the objectives of the project. He is a person who can collaborate with any other person to resolve any problem, always with a positive, creative, and focused attitude."Jesús Villadangos - Dr. Navarra Public UniversityEducation:10/05 to 3/08B.Sc. Computing Engineer (7/10)Navarra University10/02 to 10/05B.Sc. in Information Management (7/10)Basque Country UniversityTraining:HTML5 - CSS3 (CETIC - Now)SAP Abap 4 (OrekaIT - '10)Online Java SE (CETIC - '10)Sharepoint 2010 BI (InterGrupo - '11)SAP Financial (OrekaIT - '10)Online CSS (CETIC - '09)C# (CETIC - '11)SAP SE (OrekaIT - '10)Online Photoshop (CETIC - '08)More data:Driving license:  BOwn vehicle:      Yes
