Industrial engineer electromechanics focus intelligent manufacturing


Education
2013 - juni 2015 (expected) 
? KU Leuven @ Campus Group T
Master ing. Electromechanics focus intelligent manufacturing
Thesis 2014-2015: "Collision avoidance in a multi-axis environment" Implementation of a collision detection system in an industrial CT-scanner. Starting with research and a comparative study of several possible options. After making the decision, manufacturing a custom system with the necessary software and implementing it in the scanner. Afterwards additional testing will be performed and further optimization.

Thesis 2013-2014: Design and production of a carbon torsion bar commissioned by the Formula Group T electric racing team. I was responsible for a crucial part of the chassis of an electrical racecar in all of its aspects: designing the part with focus on weight reduction, running simulations and tests on the part, contacting local suppliers to make sure the part was produced according to the necessary specifications and making sure the part was fitted in the car.
 
2008-2013
? Group T University College
Bachelor ing. Electromechanics (bachelor project: design of a robotic arm in order to calibrate 3D cameras)
Designing a robotic arm from scratch to make it move as natural as possible, preparing a realistic tender based on this concept with technical drawings, a parts list, justify the choices made, estimation of the total cost,...This was done in a team of 8 people where I was responsible for all motors and motor controllers.

Skills
Technical skills
? Solid Works
? NX (FEA + CAM)
? Moldflow
? Labview
? Ms Office
? Matlab
? 3DS-studio Max
? ABB Robot Studio
? Solid Edge
? Simulink (basic)
? Maple
? BlueJ

Social skills
? Functions well in a team
? Easy going due to my work as a volunteer bartender at my dorm
? Experience with volunteering 

General skills
? Planning thanks to working on larger projects throughout my studies such as building a small scale wind mill, reverse engineering a drill, building a small solar vehicle, bachelor project and thesis. This was always in team, so planning and following this schedule was essential. 
? Used to problem solving due to the many challenges study projects posed.
? Working in team both by working with multiple people during the projects mentioned earlier as well as by playing volleyball in team for about 12 years, I'm capable to think and decide in the best interest of the team.

Language skills
? Dutch:   mother tongue
? English: outstanding (Test of English for International Communication: 970/990) 
? French:  oral: very good
   written: good

Previous work experience 
? December 2014: subvene the marketing department and the production department at Materialise.
? Summer 2014: all-round worker at the Leo XIII-seminary for 2 weeks: permanence, help out with moving, handyman en part of the cleaning crew. 
? July 2008 & August 2007: Shop assistant at Colruyt: manning the check out and supplement shelves. 

Hobbies
? Volleyball: 12 years competitive volleyball at provincial level.
? Guitar: finished 10 years of classical training. 
? Volunteer bartender at my dorm responsible for stock management and finances for 3 years.
( Curriculum vitae: Jeroen Coppens





( Pagina 3 | [Geef uw e-mailadres op]


