



Employment:

Freelance, self employed
Dates: September 2011 - Present
I set up my freelance business to provide: freelance copy writing, journalism, styling, presenting and face painting.
Regular clients have included; Midsummer Place Shopping Centre, Nobull Communications & Brighter Media.
Through my freelance work I am able to be very creative, whether through writing, children's face painting, or styling. Learning to work independently, as well as forging relationships in the community, have been crucial in running my own business. 

Agent's Assistant, talent agency
Dates: September 2013 - present
My current position involves elements of the roles of a personal assistant and an administrative assistant. My responsibilities include liaising with clients and industry contacts, arranging meetings, contracts and responding to external requests. I am required to multitask, and remain thoroughly organised, whist conducting myself in a professional manner.

Sales Advisor, retail
Dates: February - September 2013
I undertook some additional work as a footwear specialist sales advisor for River Island. Within my role I managed the department, including stock organisation, customer service and company standards. I really enjoyed interacting with customers, connecting with them and helping them find exactly what they were shopping for. My good customer relations led to many customers specifically requesting my help upon return visits to the store. 

Senior Features Writer, consumer magazines
Dates: January 2008 - September 2011 
I joined the company as a trainee features writer in 2008, and went on to gain two promotions.
Responsibilities: This work included working with members of the public of all ages - and writing for a children's magazine. For this I spent time at many children's events, and researched lots of topics suitable for our under 11s demographic. I also tailored my articles, both in their content and approach, to be engaging, suitable, and educational for children. My other responsibilities included building relationships with contacts, and advertisers. Editorial planning, content scheduling, conducting and writing reviews interviews and features, organising competitions and events, social media management and training, proofing and subbing copy, managing solo projects and other team members, including interns, working with advertising clients and liaising with members of the public in a professional manner.

Buying Associate, retail group
Dates: May 2007 - January 2008 
Responsibilities:  Supplier liaison, critical path management, order raising, copy writing for in-store product information signs, sample management, assisting in range building, comparison shopping and competitor research.


Qualifications

BA (Hons) Journalism Grade: 2.1 (specialising in magazine journalism in final year). 
NCTJ Magazine and newspaper preliminaries: Subbing (Credit), Teeline Shorthand: 80WAM (Credit), Newspaper, Handout, Portfolio & Law Part 1.

A-levels: Grades A-C: English Literature, Media Studies, Information and Communication Technology. I have an A level in General Studies and an AS-level in Psychology
GCSEs: 10 Grades A-C including: English Literature, English Language, Sciences, Mathematics and Media Studies

Additional Information: 
I am proficient in: Photoshop and Microsoft Office packages including; Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Publisher.
I have a full, clean driving licence and my own car. I am fulling DBS checked.  References can be provided on request.
