Resume 

 
I am a PhD. student in the XXXXXX at the University of XXXX. My independent research acumen and current 
peer-reviewed  publications  attest  to  my  knowledge  of  the  renewable  energy  sector  and  the  risks  associated  with 
climate change. I am seeking a position to further research on climate processes applicable to the renewable energy 
sector and the needs of the industry to meet energy demands.   

 
 

Education 

Awards 

Current 
Research 
 

Employment 

Publications 
 
 
Conference 
Presentations 

 

University of XXXX, UK (2013 - Present) 
PhD. Thesis: KEPT BLANK 
 
York University Toronto, ON (2011 – 2013)                                                                                       
MSc. Thesis: KEPT BLANK.  
 
York University Toronto, ON (2007 – 2011)                                                                                                                         
Specialized Honours; BSc. Environmental Science. Graduated Summa Cum Laude (First Class Honours 
with Distinction).  
 
Commonwealth Trust Award (2013-2016); Post Graduate Scholarship of XXXXX (PhD. and Master's 
Degree); MITACS Accelerate Awardee (2012); York Graduate Scholarship (2011); York University 
International Internship Award (2009); 
 
PhD. Thesis 
Application of regional climate models to assess current and future winds over the UK and the 
Caribbean. Research focuses on wind gusts to quantify the impact of climate change on the wind energy 
sector through future wind turbine efficiency analysis and risk involved for turbine infrastructure.  
 
2011 United Nations Economic Commission of Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), Project 
Assistant: Climate Change Assessment Project for the Caribbean Region 
Review of scholarly data for a collective report of climate change studies within the Caribbean. 
   
2010 York University Internship, Internship with Canadian Organization for Tropical Education and 
Rainforest Conservation (COTERC), Costa Rica 
Collected environmental data and educated neighbouring communities on conservation practices. 
  
TITLE KEPT BLANK. Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews (Accepted November 
2015). 

“TITLE KEPT BLANK.” XXXX. Session presentation at the European Geosciences Union (EGU). 
Vienna. 2015 
  
“Feasibility of micro-scale wind turbines in Ontario”. XXXX. Climate Consortium for Research Action 
and Integration (CCRAI) Conference in Toronto, ON. 2011 
 
“Small wind turbine, BIG change”. XXXX. Ontario Climate Change Symposium in Toronto, ON. 2013 
 
 
 

References available upon request 

