John Smith
123 Sesame Street    					Home Tel: 12345678910
England							Mobile: 12345678910
England					             		Email: An.Email@email.com
England England

Profile
I am a responsible and reliable individual who has, through the experience of University and an apprenticeship with BT gained many skills necessary to be successful in both life and the working world.  I hold a broad set of IT skills that have been obtained through many years of computing both educational and in leisure as well as more in-depth skills within network design and configuration.  I feel that this job plays to my strengths and provides a great opportunity to contribute further to BT and progress through with my career.

IT Skills

SkillInfoStrengthNetwork DesignDesigning a network solution for a customer scenarioHighNetwork ConfigImplementing the network solutionHighJunosOperating system for Juniper routersHighCiscoOperating system for Cisco routersMedium/HighCOSMOSSMedium/HighOne SeibelMedium/High
Education
2014 - 2017		University			Foundation Degree ICT

Relevant University Modules

- Network Architectures- ICNA- Professional and Academic skills	
2009 - 2012		University 			BSc (Hons) Computing

Relevant University Modules

- Software Management- Software Engineering- Work-based experience in Computing Education- Mobile Device Programming- Professional Practice and social responsibilities- Database Development- Web Development Platforms- Website Development- Databases- The IT Professional- Human-Computer Interaction- System Requirements and Design- IT Legislation and Ethics2002 - 2009 		School

A-Levels:  Information Technology B, Mathematics C, Design Technology C

GCSEs:  10.5 Grade A-C including English, Maths, Science and I.C.T
Employment History

Nov 2014 - Present			BT apprenticeship

3 year apprenticeship within DFTS performing a networking role that required designing and building customer networks.

Jan 2013 - Nov 2014			Freelance Website Design

Met with clients, elicited their requirements for a website and then proceeded to produce the website to their specifications with my own creative input.

Sept 2012 - Jan 2013			Customer Assistant, 

Working within a department of the wider store I had to develop a good relationship with my co-workers and be approachable by customers in order to aid them in selecting and purchasing their products.

August 2007 - August 2009		Sales Assistant, 

Working in small Convenience store I had to develop a good rapport with the customers making myself approachable so that customers feel comfortable and at ease.  I was also in charge of opening/closing the shop and cashing up the tills showing great reliability and responsibility.

Skills
Technical:
Whilst studying at University and undertaking a BT apprenticeship I have gained and developed numerous computer skills.  The main skills I have built up an in-depth knowledge of lie within the field of networking.  University gave me a basic grasp of the field as a whole that I was able to narrow down and master whilst at BT.  The commercial environment allowed me to design, configure and test live networks that would be delivered to customers.  I was able to learn each stage of the process and come the end take a leading role in its production.  I have become proficient in the programming languages 'Junos' and 'Cisco', both of which are used to create the networks we delivered to customers.

Project Management and Organisation:
At University I have learnt how to structure my time in order to complete work that has specific deadlines with the most amount of functionality possible.  During my time in higher education I was involved in a number of modules that centred on project management.  I gained experience with many methods including PRINCE2, Incremental Development and the Waterfall Method.  As well as the methods of management I was also able to gain a greater understanding how to achieve project success and avoid failure by learning the main causes and how to combat them.

Team Work:
As an employee of BT teamwork is essential and without it any projects will fail.  During the last three years I have become an integral part of my team and am able to aid other people as well as receive guidance myself.

Referees
Dave Green						
an address						
Somewhere							 
England 						
