EXPERIENCE
Freelance Writer, Blogger, and Editor 	Aug. 2010 - Present
Self-Employed
Researched and authored articles for magazines, websites, and corporate clients. Edited articles for publication from third-party sources. Cleaned up translations from German to English. Designed and coded websites for non-profit organizations.
Television Presenter 			Jul. 2009 - Aug. 2010
Local Television Station
Anchored local English-language news program. Edited translations, stories, and copy for clarity. Reported special events onsite.
Television Host/Writer 			Feb. 2009 - Aug. 2010
A different local television station
Researched and reported human interest stories pertaining to the lives of foreign expatriates living in Dalian, China. Interviewed managers of foreign companies and other influential personalities around the city. Presented stories in studio for local television audience.
Travel and Features Editor/Staff Writer 	Apr. 2008 - May 2010
Small, monthly niche magazine
Authored articles on various topics of interest to foreign nationals residing in Dalian, China. Edited translations, articles, and copy for press. Flourished under extremely tight deadlines.
English Teacher 			Jan. 2006 - Feb. 2007
Private English School in China
Guided diverse groups of students to oral English mastery. Students represented a wide range of ages and abilities, including beginning kindergarten children all the way to advanced corporate executives.
Rental/Sales Gallery Assistant 		Aug. 2004 - Nov. 2005
Art Gallery
Completed organization projects, ran errands, and coordinated daily activities. Greeted customers and interfaced with local artists. Prepared artworks for sale and oversaw the reception of leased items.
Legal Assistant 				Dec. 2004 - Sep. 2005
Small Real Estate & IP Law Firm
Drafted letters and motions for small real estate and corporate law firm. Interfaced with clients and attorneys. Optimized website and marketing campaign to further develop dedicated client base.
Teaching Assistant		 	Jan. - Jun. 2004
Nonprofit Art Education Organization
Assisted teaching artist with instruction and discipline of twelve member class of 9-11 year old students. Choreographed dance routines. Produced documentary DVD of the semester for city-wide presentation.
EDUCATION
A municipal university in China 		Mar. 2006 - Dec. 2007
N.D., Chinese Studies
Large state university in USA		Sep. 2000 - Aug. 2004
B.A., Interdisciplinary Visual Arts 
