PROFILE

DONG NGHIEM XUAN
Engineer  of  Electronics and communication technology,
Thai Nguyen university of information and communication technologyPERSONAL INFORMATIONFull name
Date of birth
Place of birth 
           : Dong Nghiem Xuan
: Jan 15th , 1989
: Thai nguyenMaterial status
Mobile phone
E- mail: Married
: (+ 84) 974036118
: nxdong@ictu.edu.vnCAREER OBJECTIVE
Search for a working/research position with interest related to electronic- device technologies, communications technologies and  related fields which allows me for learning and growing and my goal to be an independent researcher/lecturer.
Learn more things when working in multinational companies to accumulate much experience for future promotion.

EDUCATION
* 2007 - 2012 : Thai Nguyen university of information and communication technology.
* 06/2015 : Granted Digital Literacy Certification ( IC3 ) by World Computing Organization.

RESEARCH INTEREST
The high technology automatic systems and their application in communication technology. The short range communication and its evolution.

SKILLS
* Language : Fluent written and spoken English and Vietnamese.
* Computer : 	Programe: Optisystem, Mathlab.
       MS Office: Word, Powerpoint, Excel, Outlook.
* Other skills : Communication, teamwork, interpersonal, analytical.

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND EXPERIENCE
* 09/2007 - 06/2012student at Thai Nguyen university of information and communication technology.* 2013 - 2014Working at AEA Thai Nguyen English centre as a collaborator.* 2012 - 2014Teaching as a tutor. Teaching physics, maths for groups of teenagers who are studying at high schools.* 12/2014 - PresentWorking at Thai Nguyen university of information and communication technology ( ICTU). Teaching assistant of practice subject.
PERSONAL PROFILE
* Study:  Always trying to learn, improve  knowledge.
* Work: Seriously do the job and have responsible for their work, work  under high pressure , positive teamwork.
* Interests : Learn the culture, reading book, Traveling.




