
THOMAS LAKE
78 Sandpiper Way, Kings Lynn, Norfolk, PE30 5DH
07438687038


An enthusiastic and dedicated employee, with experience working with computer software and delivering high quality customer service. Caring and compassionate person with excellent numerical and interactional skills. Used to working within a team environment, on own initiative and with confidential material. 


Particular attributes include:
			
			Attention to detail with good listening skills
			Confident, and decisive 
			Excellent organisation skills
                                           Expertise in working with figures and numbers
                                           Microsoft Excel Expertise


CAREER HISTORY.

May 2014 - Present                                                                                 Greencore Prepared Meals
Finance Assistant

Work amongst a busy financial environment for a food manufacturer. Heavily involved in the day to day running of the Sales ledger and Purchase Ledger, along with the Cashbook. Not only am I involved in the financial side but also the Management Accounts as well. This includes helping with reporting for month end and year end accounts. I am also heavily involved in the VAT returns at site preparing these each month to be sent off to HMRC.


November 2009 - May 2014					Adrian Flux Insurance Services
Motor Insurance Underwriter

Work amongst a busy team environment, whilst continuously providing a high level of expert advice and customer care. Dealing with sums on a daily basis, calculating pricing, discounts and cancellation figures. Initially working within the communications department liaising with customers and colleagues, and constantly reviewing the market for competitive deals and offers to provide quality policies at reasonable prices. Then progressing on in advising fellow colleagues with quotation queries, as well as representing the company as the face of Adrian Flux at popular events & shows. Specialised skills in a variety of insurance fields including modified cars/vehicles, commercial and standard car insurance. Experience in working with TGSL software.
Comfortable at working and liaising with colleagues at all levels.


May 2007-Sept 2008						      		Allied Carpets
Sales Assistant

Previously working in a well-known home furnishing store as a Sales Assistant. Working with colleagues in providing excellent customer services paying close attention to their requests and wishes. Gaining experience and confidence in dealing with sales and customer's needs.  



EDUCATION.

AAT Level 3 Qualification
Currently Studying Level 4 AAT
Further Education Qualifications at GNVQ level in ICT
8 GCSEs in all subjects including English, maths, science, etc.
Microsoft Excel Advanced Courses	


HOBBIES & INTERESTS.

Maintaining and taking leisurely trips on my motorbike. Motor racing, Golf and Darts. As well as socialising with friends. In my spare time I occasionally manage and lead for my local Scout group. 


References available on request

