PROFILE

A highly-motivated Customer Service Specialist with over 8 years' experience including financial and travel sector as well as strong IT background. Customer-oriented, effectively combines communication skills with extensive product knowledge to deliver exceptional client service. Analytical and detail-oriented, is able to identify areas of risk or potential improvements and implement solutions that increase accuracy and efficiency. Demonstrates strong organization and prioritization skills required to meet tight deadlines and handle multiple tasks. Currently is looking for the next challenging opportunity, one which will make best use of existing skills and experience while enabling further personal and professional development.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

October 2013 to Present
Business Travel Consultant  - Carlson Wagonlit Travel, London

Making travel arrangements for business clients by booking flights, accommodation and car hire as well as making amendments and cancellations. Offering flight and hotel options as well as price quotations per email.

June 2010 to Present
Settlement Client Service Specialist - Euroclear Bank, Brussels

Handling settlement-related phone and written queries of the business clients and offering solutions within the indicated policies and deadlines. Identifying areas of risk and communicating with other departments and external parties to work out the solutions to existing problems.

October 2007 to December 2009
Business Travel Consultant - Carlson Wagonlit eCenter, Rzeszów, Poland

Making travel arrangements for business clients by booking flights, accommodation and car hire as well as making amendments and cancellations. Adjusting the offer based on company's needs and individual preferences.

KEY SKILLS

* Languages: Polish (mother tongue), English (fluent), German (intermediate)
* Confident user of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and IBM Lotus Notes
* Experience in working in Windows and Citrix environment
* Good knowledge of Sabre system

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

March 2014 Carlson Wagonlit Travel Air Level 2 Certificate

February 2014 Carlson Wagonlit Travel Air Level 1 Certificate

April 2013 Excel 2003 Databases & Pivot Tables

September 2009 Carlson Wagonlit Travel IATA Fares & Tariffs Course

2006 - 2008 University of Information Technology and Management, Rzeszów, Poland
Master's Degree in Information Technology and Econometrics
Specialization: Information systems

2003 - 2006 University of Information Technology and Management, Rzeszów, Poland
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology and Econometrics
Specialization: Multimedia systems

2002 - 2005 University of Rzeszów - Faculty of English Studies, Rzeszów, Poland
Bachelor's Degree in English Philology
Specialization: Teaching 
