

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Office Manager, I Believe in Fairies Productions
Full-Time, May 2011-present
? Oversees all aspects of event booking for theater company touring season, including attending fair and festival trade shows, making initial contacts with event entertainment managers for new and annual bookings, drafting and overseeing signing of contracts, and handling performer arrangements related to travel and accommodations.
? Serves as main point of contact between event staff and performers before, during, and after events; handles all concerns from either party that arise during events.
? Conducts interviews and hires new contractual performers for events.
? Oversees shipments of handcrafted wholesale merchandise to Renaissance festivals and other events, including production coordination, shipping, and client invoices.
? Manages company social media accounts (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and blog posts).
? Oversees all incoming and outgoing company financial activity, including payment from events, pay to performers and other contractual employees, and all other regular company expenses.

Stage Manager, Hatch Theatre Company
Part-Time, 2013 season
? Attended all production rehearsals; recorded blocking, took production notes, managed time allotment for tasks, and performed all other necessary duties to keep rehearsals running smoothly.
? Managed email communication of necessary rehearsal information to cast and crew members.
? Called all technical cues and worked with director and production staff to manage and implement staging, prop, costume, and production elements for performances.

Tabling Captain/Social Media Coordinator, Dreams of Hope
Part-Time/Volunteer, September 2013-August 2015
? Ran tables or supervised scheduling for all tabling events for queer youth arts integration organization, working closely with local and national partner organizations to gain visibility and increase participation and patronship.
? Managed Facebook and Twitter accounts in coordination with upcoming organization events.

Marketing Assistant, Muse Machine
Full-Time, July 2010-April 2011
? Worked with local print and web media outlets to gain consistent press for all productions, student programming, and special events.
? Engaged in outreach to local schools through phone, email and classroom visits to gain participation in programming; maintained close working relationship with artists, teachers, and administrators to ensure accurate and successful representation of programming in press releases.
? Redesigned company website and performed day-to-day updating and maintenance.
? Helped screen new acts for in school shows, concerts, and workshops.
? Assisted with general office and production duties, including backstage needs during productions, data input, and phone and print communication related to cast and crew for productions.





Graduate Teaching Assistant, Department of English Graduate Studies, Wright State University
Full-time, August 2009-June 2010
? Covered all necessary responsibilities for teaching successful freshman composition courses (ENG101 and ENG102), including creation of weekly lesson plans, day-to-day individual instruction leading classrooms of twenty-five students, semi-weekly conferences with individual students to lead on-the- spot discussion of essays and other course work, prompt written feedback and grading for student assignments, and final evaluation and grading of student coursework.

Editor, The FOGDOG Review, Wright State University
Part-time, January 2008-June 2009
? Read blind submissions and worked with editing staff to determine selections for issues.
? Edited and proofread selected essays to ready issues for publication.
? Conducted numerous interviews for publication with professors, faculty members, and guest authors.

Writing Consultant, University Writing Center, Wright State University
Part-time, September 2008-June 2009
? Led weekly appointments with developmental English and ESL students to help strengthen clients' composition skills and improve their confidence as writers.
? Developed on-the-spot appointment lesson plans for individual clients and group sessions based around each client's weekly assignments and made immediate adjustments based on individualized needs.
? Worked with walk-in clients of all university educational levels (developmental/ESL through Master's) and disciplines and structured individual walk-in sessions based on clients' needs.

Music Director, WWSU 106.9FM, Wright State University
Part-time, September 2007-June 2010
? Responsible for maintenance of music library, including listening to new releases from record labels, making decisions for new additions to front rotation, and writing up review sheets for albums.
? Maintained regular station contacts with record labels and distribution companies; reported weekly station playlists to CMJ music service.
? Developed strong working relationship with assistant music director in delegating duties and working with station disc jockeys to determine music selection for library.

Production Assistant/Office Assistant, Muse Machine
Part-Time, September 2005-July 2010
? Helped with general office and production duties, including answering phones, managing data input and phone and print communication related to cast and crew for productions.
? Worked closely with cast, creative staff, and stage management/tech crew to assist backstage with numerous duties at all productions.






EDUCATION AND HONORS
Bachelor of Arts in English, Summa Cum Laude
Wright State University
? 2009 Outstanding Senior Award, English
? 2009 College of Liberal Arts Top Scholar

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, Adobe Photoshop, Salesforce, HTML/CSS (including experience with WordPress)





