NAME
ADDRESS 
Mobile Number:xxxxxxx / Email 

Personal Statement
After completing a BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma in Science at (college), I have decided to pursue a career in an ICT related field to enhance and complement the qualifications I have obtained.
I would consider myself an honest and hardworking person who possesses good time-management skills and the ability to work well under pressure and on my own initiative. I am a well-mannered and polite, easy to be around and enjoy communicating both verbally and in writing with peers, colleagues and members of the public. 
I am currently looking for an apprenticeship opportunity in Information Technology, preferably in a Game Development as this is something I've had a passion for since I was young. I would be willing to embark on training concurrently with employment and given the right opportunity, would offer a short no-obligation work trial to an employer so they can witness my ability in person. 

Key Skills
? Obtained a NCFE Level 2 award in Occupational Health and Safety.
? Completed a Customised Accreditation programme where I practised the key skills of working with others, improving my own learning, performance, and problem solving.
? People person who enjoys working with colleagues and members of the public.
? Strong communication skills both verbally and in writing.
? Good time-management and the ability to work under pressure.

Employment & Work Experience History
Comic Book store
? I helped take stock, serving customers, advertising, and helping in and around the store.

Education & Training
College
? BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma in Science - PPP

High School
? GCSE Maths - B
? GCSE English Language - B
? GCSE Biology - B
? GCSE Chemistry - C
? GCSE IT - C
? GCSE Drama - C
? BTEC Engineering - Pass

Hobbies & Interests
I have recently started teaching myself HTML5 and CSS3 on codeacademy.com as I enjoy the practise but also believe it will assist future employment prospects when combined with my other qualifications and activities such as moderating both a chatroom and forum online.
In my free time I enjoy socialising with friends and family and enjoy playing football. I enjoy looking after my 3 dogs (Louise, Percy, and Lola), and 2 parrots (Charlie and Charlie) at home and I like to play videogames, browse the internet and watch TV shows, such as Game of Thrones, Silicon Valley and Mr Robot.

References
Excellent references are available upon request.


