For the parent/carer:

Thank you for agreeing to let your child take part in this study.

The aim of this workbook is to help you or your child (if you think they are able to do so), keep a record of everything they have done 
throughout the day, in their leisure time, as a diary aide. This should make it easier when the time comes to transfer these records online 
the following day.   !   Remember, we are not interested in activities such as sleeping, eating or housework – or activities undertaken 
during school lessons. 

Your child should carry this around with them on the day and fill it in as regularly as they can. If you are completing the task on behalf 
of your child, then please keep this with you through the day, recording your child’s activities as regularly as you can. When transferring 
the records we will also ask you a few additional questions related to each of these activities. Therefore, you might like to do this part 
together with your child, or just be available to help them. 

Before beginning the task, please make a note of the day and date on the paper diary. The date should be the day after you agreed to 
take part in the study. If you are unable to complete the task on that day, please contact your usual helpdesk.

For the kids
Hello, and welcome to your activities diary!  We hope you have fun filling it in, thanks for your help. 
Before you start, please read the following instructions carefully, as it will help you to fill in your diary 
correctly. Ask your Mum or Dad if there is something you don’t understand! 
We recommend you carry this with you throughout the day, and fill it in as often as you can.

Activities we are interested in: 
Please make a note any time you do one of the following things. It doesn’t matter how long it was 
for, or if you do some of these things at the same time, or if someone else chose the activity for you 
- we want to know about all of them!

Watched a programme/film at the time of broadcast (on any device) 
Watched a programme/film that you or someone else recorded 
Watched a programme/film using an On Demand service like BBC iPlayer, ITV Player, Netflix, Sky Go) 
Watched YouTube 
Watched other videos online not on YouTube e.g. social networking sites or other websites 
Watched a programme/movie on DVD/Blu Ray 
Watched a purchased or rented programme/movie via digital download (e.g. iTunes/Sky Store) 
Watched a film at the cinema

Listen to music (personal collection, streamed or other not on radio)
Listen to the radio (at time of broadcast, recorded or other)
Listen to a recorded storybook (on a tape, online, or other)

Having a conversation using messaging services (e.g. text, photos, videos, WhatsApp, Snapchat)
Make/receive video calls eg Skype, Facetime etc
Make/receive phone calls

 
Things You Watch: 
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
Things You Listen to:
9.
10.
11.
How You Talk to People: 
12.
13.
14.
Things You Read:
Read a book/ebook
15.
16.
Read a comic/magazine/newspaper (printed or online)
Browsing the Internet / apps
17.
Things You Play: 
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
Other Things You Do: 
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.

Play with toys & games (non-digital)
Pretend play (e.g. dress up, make believe)
Play games on an electronic device
Played a physical game e.g. Hide and Seek, Tag, Building a den
Outdoor activity e.g. riding a bike, skateboarding, climbing a tree
Play on a playground or other outdoor equipment (eg. Trampoline or swing set)
Other types of play

Sports
Dance, sing, act or play a musical instrument
Go to an organised club/lesson (e.g Brownies/Cubs/before or after school club etc)
Use social media (for other things than talking to friends) e.g. Facebook/Twitter/Instagram etc.
Do something creative with videos or photos
Drawing, painting, writing or arts & crafts (just for fun)
Try out new hair and make up styles
Cook/bake
Go shopping
Do homework
Play with/look after pets
Programming and coding

How to fill in your diary aide:: 
Any time you do one of the activities in the list on the previous page, please follow these steps

1

2

3

4

5

6

 
Write the number of the activity (1-36) from the list 
on the previous page–if you can’t see your activity on 
our list, please choose the one MOST like it!

Tell us more about what you did – the programme you 
watched, the TV channel it was on, the website you 
were on, or the name of the game you were playing?

 
Write down the device you used for this activity – 
here are some examples: 
  
Mobile phone | Tablet | Laptop | Desktop computer | Television | 
Games console | Handheld games console | Radio/Stereo | Mp3/Mp4 
player | eReader | DVD/Blu-ray player | Book/Magazine | Other
 

 
Write what the time was when you started the  
activity, and also the time you stopped too – make 
sure to try and put in the exact minute you started  
and finished!

 

Write down who you were with when doing the  
activity - were you on your own, with mum or dad, 
with your brother or sister or with friends?

 

Write down a score from 1-10 to describe how much 
you enjoyed the activity – 1 meaning you didn’t enjoy 
the activity at all, and 10 meaning you really enjoyed 
the activity!

Please use the next page to start filling in your activities. You will see  
that we have given you an example of what this should look like. Have Fun! 

Day:

Date:

  Activity 1–36                                Description of activity                              Device        Start time    End time             With who?           Enjoyment score

            1             Watched Peppa Pig on Channel 5              TV        07:06      07:18       With dad               7

         20            Played candy crush on dad s iPhone        Mobile phone     07:09      07:14       With dad               9
E
x
a
m
p
e
s

         27            Went to swimming lesson                    None       15:30      16:00       On my own             5

l

          6            Watched Frozen on DVD                  DVD player    16:10      17:39       With friends             7  

 

      

  Activity 1–36                                Description of activity                              Device        Start time    End time             With who?           Enjoyment score

