Education and Qualifications
1996-2003
Prepatory School 
2003-2011
High School
2011-2014
BSc Psychology
2014-2015
MSc Organizational Psychology

GCSE Examinations
Mathematics (A*) - English Language (A) - English Literature (A) - History (A) - French (A) - Biology (A) - Chemistry (A) - Design Technology (A) - Physics (B) - Economics (B)

Advanced Subsidiary Level Examinations
English Literature (A) - Politics and Government (A) - Psychology (A) - Mathematics (B)

Advanced Level Examinations
Psychology (A) - English Literature (A) - Mathematics (A)

Degree Level
BSc Psychology (2:1)
MSc Organizational Psychology (Currently Studying)

Experience and Achievements

Employment
- Marketing Department Intern at Harrogate Ladies College - September 2013 to January 2014
o Responsibilities include admin level roles alongside roles involving writing and designing newsletters, managing file systems and assistance with IT based work.
- Customer Service Advisor at B&Q - September 2013 to May 2014
o Responsibilities include addressing customer queries and complaints, alongside various standard retail duties.

Other Experience & Qualifications
- Consultancy Project with Marks & Spencer - November 2014 to October 2015
o Successfully worked with Marks & Spencer's HR Department on a project for around 11 months while completing my MSc programme. 
o Completed both an executive report and concise document on the project, as well as presenting findings and recommendations to the heads and members of several departments. 
- Qualified with BPS accredited Test-User Ability and Test-User Personality Administration in 2015.
o Able to administer both personality questionnaires and ability tests including numerical, verbal and critical reasoning in an occupational setting such as recruitment or selection, as accredited by the BPS. 
o My feedback skills to other candidates were considered excellent by the course leader. 
- Member of the Leader's Challenge
o Conducted a project for ITV regarding their Innovation Hub.
* Worked in a team to devise a series of recommendations for the Innovation Hub alongside its director. 
* Utilised team work and problem solving skills in order to successfully provide recommendations for ITV.
- Treasurer of Psychology Society 2012-2013
o Working in a team of 9 other members to provide an excellent service to around 200 members of the society, helping to organise social and academic events numerous times a term. As Treasurer, I have hands on experience working with both money and people, as the position requires a hands-on people-first approach. 
