PERSONAL DETAILS




WORK EXPERIENCE


POSITION: AV/IT MAINTENANCE TEAM TECHNICIAN

Whether their course is technology based or not, both students and academics rely on technology to get their ideas out. Working for the Maintenance Team has let me focus on helping the users of all teaching spaces across the University in achieving their goals by helping to keep this technology working for them behind the scenes. 

		
		
		
		
		
		
As well as carrying out my day to day tasks of preventative and reactive maintenance, I have also taken the initiative to spend time working with the Projects and Service Support Teams of the department in order to gain experience from all angles on how our department helps the end user. This has involved working overtime on after hours events with the Service Team and working as an Installation Technician with the Projects & Development Team on a six month basis which saw me undertake AV installations from the design process, through the procurement of equipment to the management of the installation and the signing off at the end. I have taken this experience on board and worked it into my routine in the maintenance department with the creation and update of AV system schematics using AutoCAD software, and the carrying out of installation and commissioning of Lecture Theatre AV systems.

During my time working at the University I have also added to my professional qualifications by becoming a qualified member of the Infocomm CTS training scheme.



POSITION: AV TECHNICIAN							   

I built on my existing base of Audio Visual knowledge, as well as gaining experience working with more conference-based equipment such as control systems and video conferencing equipment. I was also involved in events management, which has allowed me to work with clients from the event planning through to the equipment operation on the day.   

Common tasks that I was responsible for:

•	The day to day running of the Hire Department, along with one other colleague;
•	Setting up and operating Audio Visual equipment for clients, including PA systems, lights, cameras, and conferencing equipment etc;
•	AV support for clients both over the phone and onsite;
•	Editing and post production work of recorded audio and video;
•	General Maintenance of all equipment.
•	Installations of AV equipment in schools and workplaces.



POSITION: EVENTS TECHNICIAN

My role as an Events Technician broadened my knowledge of the live events industry extensively, and the nature of the position gave me the opportunity to work with many different companies covering lighting, sound and other Audio Visual technologies.  Having the chance to learn from several different technicians, as well as using a wide range of equipment in a number of diverse indoor and outdoor settings has been an important and invaluable experience.

Technologies used during my time with the company included everything from sound systems and a range of lights, to Simultaneous Interpretation and audience response systems.    

During this time, I also took the opportunity to sit the courses enabling me to obtain my Health & Safety Passport as well as my IPAF licence, which allows me to operate Mobile Elevating Work Platforms such as Scissor Lifts and Self Propelled Booms.



POSITION: STAGE CREW ASSISTANT TECHNICIAN

As this was my first experience of working in live events, this post opened my eyes to a whole new industry and an array of new techniques and technologies.  Whenever possible during my time at the Concert Hall, I took the opportunity to gain experience from and work with both the sound team and the lighting team, which enabled me to get time behind the sound desk at a wide variety of events.

Working with the lighting team, I had my first experience of setting up lighting states. I was also responsible for operating follow spots for shows ranging from Rock shows to ballet.

The position also gave me a chance to work at conference events as a sound and lighting technician.  I often liaised with clients to provide IT support. During my time at the Concert Hall I also gained my Scotland’s Best Service Award for customer service. 



POSITION: ASSISTANT ENGINEER				Voluntary Part Time		
		
While studying at College for my HND, I spent my free time helping out at the Recording Studios. I found this opportunity to be very useful, as it helped to teach me the techniques and working style of a studio environment. It also gave me the chance to work with a variety of people from different musical backgrounds, and as well as the setting up and operating of the recording equipment, my time here gave me the opportunity to enhance my communication skills in order to help the musicians feel at ease in the recording studio environment and to help them achieve what they hoped to achieve in their time there. 


POSITION:  RADIO SHOW PRODUCER/ENGINEER 		Voluntary Part Time		

 
Between the completion of my HND and the start of my degree course, I volunteered at a local radio station by producing a classical radio show. My tasks included the logging of data for PRS Forms, the operation of the mixing desk, and the recording and editing of the show. I also created Soundbites for other radio shows and tried my hand at presenting.



EDUCATION   


Degree Courses
	
Communications and the Internet	Digital Studio Technology
Multimedia Systems and Media Editing	Audio and MIDI Programming
Visual Software Development	World Wide Web Authoring

     	      





LEISURE INTERESTS

Most of my leisure time revolves around music, whether it be playing in a band, or building equipment. However, when possible I also enjoy travelling and seeing as much of the World as possible. 



REFERENCES

Available on request
