Objective:

Seeking a position which will utilize my organizational and communication skills to directly benefit the company.

Experience:

Operations Manager, Nxxxxxxxxx; Chicago, IL: October 2015-Present

Optimized workflow, created and enforced policies, and addressed issues for team of six staff across various departments and offices. Created and oversaw quality control department in accordance with Fannie Mae regulation. 

Secondary Marketing/Rate Lock Desk, Nxxxxxxxxx; Chicago, IL: March 2012-October 2015

Committed and managed residential mortgage rate locks for four offices with multiple lenders. Created new procedures to transition company into hedging a pipeline of loans. Built and maintained organizational spreadsheets and reports daily, and assisted accounting department in itemizations, filing, and data entry. 

Daycare Manager/Administrator, Cxxxxxxxxxx; Chicago, IL: May 2011- Present

Cared for clients’ dogs, worked with co-managers to implement new organizational strategies, answered phones and emails, informed potential and current clients of company’s services, handled scheduling and billing.

Development Intern, Suzuki-Orff School of Music; Chicago, IL: February 2011- May 2011

Researched and compiled comprehensive list of companies with matching gifts programs, assisted with preparations for annual gala, worked as front desk receptionist.

Sales Associate, The Denim Lounge; Chicago, IL: July 2009- September 2011

Helped customers navigate the world of premium denim, handled monetary transactions, closed and opened store. 

Freelance:

Performed at United Airlines Convention, Spring 2010.

Recorded score for Profiles Theater production of Kid Sister, October 2010.

Worked as a photographer for Fashion’s Night Out, Northbrook Court, September 2010.

Education:

Columbia College, Chicago, IL-- Bachelor of Arts, Music Performance, 2011

Strengths:

Punctual and responsible

Detail-oriented and highly organized

Proficient with Microsoft Excel, Word, and Outlook

Experience with Encompass and Quickbooks Online

Typing speed: 70 WPM