Name
Address, City, State zip
Phone Number
Email Address

SUMMARY
Experienced support representative and manager with a strong background in mentoring and community outreach. Excellent client and situation evaluation skills with a keen ability to resolve needs and issues as they arise. Proven ability to quickly intuit the needs of clients and adapt communication style and approach accordingly. Recognized by colleagues as a dependable mentor, leader and trainer. Recently relocated to State.

EDUCATION
Universitt, City, State
Bachelor of Arts, 2006
Minor: Journalism

WORK EXPERIENCE
Company, Inc., City, State				     	                                          2012-2014
Senior Support Concierge 
? Assist business owners in the creation and maintenance of their online storefront.
? Mentor colleagues in methods and strategies to utilize in assisting business owners.
? Utilize in-house specialized software to achieve the desired goals of business clientele. 
? Created several new workflows utilized by the company to increase productivity.
? Recognized as a Top Performer for three consecutive weeks.

Company, City, State						      2008-2012
Account and Technical Services Representative
? Manage customer accounts by processing payments, resolving fraud claims, processing ID submissions, and managing refund queues.
? Train new representatives and assist in further training for more experienced representatives.
? Selected as de-facto mentor on team without loss of individual productivity.
? Recognized for team excellence in 2010 and 2011.
? Recognized as subject matter expert on refunds and ID processing.
? Only ATS representative to receive the internal Gold Award for productivity in 2011, with 18+ issues per hour (phones, text, and email inclusive).
? Created policy change for ID processing back-up which was implemented and increased production and customer satisfaction worldwide.
? Reformatted security information process to be more easily understood by customers which led to a reduction in account security failures once implemented globally.



Small Company, Inc., City, State						                              2006-2008
Manager
? Manage customer requests and needs by acting as go-between for clients and company owner.
? Organize labor and train new employees in job-related duties. 
? Advise owner on finances, hiring, and logistics.
? Fill-in as driver and on-site director as needed for out-of-state jobs.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
St. A Church, City, State	                                          2013-2014
? Planned and created an outreach food program for local families and home-bound members of the church community.
St. I Church, City, State	                                                                  2011-2014
? Mentor and counselor for at-risk teens in the local community.
? Mentor and tutor as part of the Gabriel Project for teenage mothers.
St. J Church, City, State				                  2000-2011
? Teenage volunteer for the Mobile Loaves and Fishes Ministry, bringing food to the homeless all around the city of City.
Co-Founder of Online Support Group                                                                     2008-Present
? Training and mentoring of members in a pre-established environment.


SKILLS
Languages: Minored in Japanese
Computer: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, PowerPoint. Experienced at processing and managing secure documents in a digital environment. Proficient in troubleshooting technical issues for both Mac-based and Windows-based systems.


