
I am a hardworking and highly motivated individual, who believes teamwork is the key to success but also appreciates there are times where you need to work alone to achieve goals. I aim to end each day with a blank “to-do” list and will help others achieve this where possible. I do not like to see people struggle or become unstuck, and am always willing to lend a hand. I enjoy being organised and work hard at ensuring I am working at a high level of both quality and efficiency. During my free time, I am a keen reader and regular cinema-goer with a love of travel. I am always keen to start new adventures and love a challenge, and I would like to progress my career in a new direction, in which I can further both my key skills and life experiences. 

Key Skills	
Communication 
I possess excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate concisely and articulately with customers and colleagues alike.

Computing 
I have excellent working knowledge of MS Word, Excel & Outlook.  I also use the Internet as a research tool.  In my spare time I have recently been building my MS Publisher, Photoshop and Adobe skills.


Skills & Achievements
Whilst working for Blakemores I gained a level 2 NVQ in Customer Service. I also have experience with data capture equipment, shelf replenishment and various company computer systems. Whilst working as an employee at Springfield Solutions I have also earned my First Aid qualification. 


Education & Training
Hull University 					October 2009 – June 2012
BSc Financial Management 				2:2

Franklin Sixth Form, Grimsby			September 2007 – July 2009
Certificate in IFS Finance 	 		A	Diploma in IFS Finance 			B
A Level Accounts 				C	AS Level Maths 				B 
General Studies 				D	European Computer Driving Licence 	Pass

Hereford Technology School, Grimsby		September 2002 – July 2007
CGSE Maths 					B 	GCSE English Language  		B
GCSE English Literature 			A 	Double Award Science 			BB
Double Award Health and Social Care  		BB 	History 				C
Food Technology 				A	Preparation for Working Life 		B
Psychology 					C	

Training
Drugs Awareness Certificate
NVQ Level 2 in Customer Service
First Aid



Additional Information
* My date of birth is 30th October 1990.
* My health is good and I am a non-smoker.
* I have a full clean driving licence.


Career History
Print Customer Services Representative / Account Manager
Springfield Solutions
May 2012 – Present
During my current role as Print CSR I maintain customer relations with several key clients, as well as assisting with the development of new clients. This involves a wide variety of tasks, including but not limited to, processing works orders, estimating/tendering, briefing new artwork into the studio and gaining artwork approval from clients, and updating a daily despatch list for our Logistics department. I have also recently taken over the organising and conducting of the annual stock take. At peak times I also assist my colleagues with duties such as material and consumables ordering. 

Print / Reprographics Customer Services Administration Assistant
Springfield Solutions
October 2010 – May 2012
My main duty within this role was the ongoing assistance in the set-up of a new company wide computer system. I helped data cleanse all existing data within the print customer services area of the company as well as inputting the cleansed data into the new system. On occasion I also assisted with general administration and with the annual stock take. After moving into the Reprographics side of the company, my duties also extended to processing orders, estimating and briefing artwork through to the Repro team to be made print ready and sent over to various external printers. 

Bar Staff
The Welly Club
February 2010 – September 2011
As Bar Staff I primarily served customers with their drinks orders, as well as replenishing stock within the bar area. I also assisted with the cleaning of the bar and other areas of the night club upon closing. I was also lucky enough to work as part of The Welly team at Freedom Festival 2011 in one of the refreshment tents.

Book Seller – Christmas Temp
Waterstones
October 2009 – December 2009
As Book Seller I worked both at the checkout serving customers, as well as shelf replenishment. I also assisted the management team with the promotion changeover at the end of each week, which involved updating various points of display within the store and the store front/window. I also worked in an advisory capacity, providing customers with book recommendations and showing them around the store.  

Cashier
A F Blakemore & Son
August 2008 – September 2009
As Cashier I handled the monies and undertook the invoicing for customers purchasing goods at the depot.  I prepared the takings for Securicor and dealt with the handover each weekend.  I also dealt with the debtors of the Humberston depot to arrange payment.  These duties were in addition the general administration and weekly stock taking. 

Receptionist
A F Blakemore & Son
Jackson Place, Wilton Road, Humberston, North East Lincolnshire, DN36 4AS
September 2007 – August 2008
As Receptionist I greeted customers and booked them into the depot following company protocol. I answered all calls in an efficient manner and dealt with customer enquiries face to face and over the telephone. I also was responsible for offering current promotions to customers.  I undertook all other general administration and was involved in the weekly stock take.


References are available upon request



