Summary of Qualifications
* Sourcing leads, growing a customer base, and developing relationships to ensure repeat customers through cold calling.
* Using Warm Market Leads to make sales and set appointments.
* Prepare, review and complete routine administrative paperwork. 
* Learning products and then consulting customers on complex topics. 
* Knowledge and practice of excellence in customer service 
* Persuading and influencing others utilizing thoughtful questioning and listening to needs. 
* Analyzing and solving complex problems quickly and efficiently. 
* Gathering, analyzing, and reporting data. 
* Utilizing strong interpersonal and communication skills while working effectively within a team environment. 
* Planning, organizing, and implementing a range of programs and events. 
* Achieving personal goals to help the team reach a goal.
* Utilization of SPIN tactics and sales methods
Education							
* University of Phoenix BS Business, 2012 - 2015 GPA 3.87
* UTI-MMI Kawasaki Technical Program 2010 - 2011
* 2-15 Health & Life (Including Annuities & Variable Contracts) Agent License
Employment
* Bankers Life and Casualty Insurance Agent and Medicare Specialist, Tampa Florida Aug 2015 
o Calling leads and setting appointments with potential clients
o Meeting with clients to discuss needs and present products
o Maintaining product knowledge 
o Explaining Medicare, Life Insurance and Annuities to the clients
o Top 20% of Medicare Supplement Sales 
* Hurley Customer Service Attendant and Sales Associate, Orlando Florida Jan 2013 - Oct 2013
o Exceed daily sales quota consistently  by 120%
o Set monthly sales records 
* Highest monthly record, $39,000 
o Surpassed previous quarterly records
o Provided product demonstrations
* Visalus Promoter and Sales Representative, Orlando Florida Aug 2012 - Current
o Enrolled 73 clients into automatic monthly subscriptions
o Provided product knowledge and demonstrations
o Established client base
* Radio Shack Customer Service Attendant and Sales Associate, Orlando, Florida Jan 2012 - Jun 2012
o Product and warranty sales
o Cellular service contract sales
o Addressed Warranty issues 
* Kendall Kia Automotive Sales Associate, Miami, Florida Aug 2011- Nov 2011
o Passed 80 hour sales training class
o Gave detailed product demonstrations
o Established product value and need
o Made cold calls and set future appointments
* Vasseur Home Design Apprentice and Liaison, Charlotte, North Carolina, Feb 2011 - Aug 2011
o Assisted in customer relations
o Managed Job sites
o Corrected customer complaints
o Maintained quality control for subcontractors
* Budd Security Group Corporate Security Officer, Charlotte, North Carolina, Oct 2010 - Aug 2011
o Provided security for Piedmont Town Center
o Manned exterior security of ATF Compound in Charlotte
o Facilitated crowd control during major events
o Was a first responder for all emergencies
o Detailed reports of all events during watch
* ADT Alarm Team Assistant District Manager and Sales, Charlotte, North Carolina, Jan 2010 - Sep 2010
o Tracked sales performance
o Established sales goals
o Set routes for sales people
o Door to door sales
o Managed office records
o Handled promotional flyers and brochures
* US Embassy Nassau, Bahamas May 2009 - Dec 2009
o Performed Collateral Duties of Supply and Logistics NCO, Chemical Biological Radiological and Neurologic NCO, and maintained NMPS.
o Preformed Collateral Duties of Moral Welfare and Recreation NCO, Marine Corps Ball NCO
o Conducted functions, fundraisers, and events to provide funding for the 2009 Marine Corps Ball
o Successfully funded and managed the Embassy's largest diplomatic event the Marine Corps Ball 
o Successfully raised over 1,000 dollars in toys and money for Children's Home in Nassau. 
* US Embassy Tirana, Albania May 2008 - May 2009
o Performed Collateral Duties of Supply and Logistics NCO, Chemical Biological Radiological and Neurologic NCO, and maintained NMPS.
o Completely reorganized and standardized storage and classification of all mission essential gear.
o Helped MWR NCO and Mess NCO with supply runs from Naples, Italy. 
o Completely redeveloped training and turnover manuals for Supply as well as CBRN.
o Responded to an actual anthrax threat to the Embassy personnel and set up a successful decontamination site as well as collecting and containing samples for examination.
o Conducted several training sessions for Embassy personnel on emergency procedures during CBRN threats and attacks.
o Worked closely with the Security Engineering Officers to update and maintain Compound Security.
* US Embassy Kingston, Jamaica Mar 2007 - May 2008
o Performed Collateral Duties of Mess NCO, and Vehicle NCO. Eventually held NMPS, Supply, Training and MWR as well during a man power shortage.
o Proceeded to maintain 24 hour security with only a three man team for a solid month before manpower was restored.
o Diligently corrected all procedures and functions of the Mess in accordance to local and US labor laws.
o Managed the training of new employees and handled the negligence of current employees while bringing employee moral up through the improvement of worker relations and environment.
o Provided security and support through Hurricane Dean assisting the RSO office with the management and safe keeping of all 300 Embassy Personnel and family.
o Conducted new and inventive training with local guard force.
o Helped to improve and repair negligent and problematic parts of the Compound surveillance system. 
* III MEF MHG Engineers MCB Hanson Okinawa, Japan May 2005 - Dec 2006
o Performed multiple operations in Japan, South Korea, and the Philippians.
o Lead engineering team providing successful support of Operation Ulchi Focus Lens 2006.
o Supported Operation MTWAS 2005 successfully.
o Operated as an Electrician, Engineer, and Generator mechanic for entire campsites.
o Cooperated in team efforts with small groups of Marines to keep mobile field sites in operation.
o Cross trained for Heavy Equipment Operation, Water Purification Specialties, Refrigeration Operation, and Combat Engineering.
		
* Awards
o Navy Achievement Medal
o Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal
o National Defense Service Medal
o Global War on Terrorism Service Medal
o Korean Defense Medal
o Sea Service Deployment Ribbon
o Navy and Marine Corps Overseas Service Ribbon (3)
o Marine Security Guard Ribbon
o Letter of Appreciation (1)
o Meritorious Mast (2)
o Certificate of Appreciation (3)
* Computer Skills
o Microsoft Word
o Power Point
o Excel
o Social Networking
o Photo Editing
o Video Editing
o Customer Resource Management
o POS Systems
o Databases
o Systems Management
o Inventory Management systems
Hobbies & Volunteering
* Rebuilding and customizing cars and motorcycles
* Run for Neurofibromatosis, February 2014
* America's Fund, May 2014 
* Junior Achievement of Central Texas 
* Toys for Tots 
