 

1 

NAM E:                    Jenna Giannoccaro                                                                           
LOCATION:           Harrow, North London                                             
                                   HA3 0XY    UK   
NATIONALITY:    BRITISH                      
Email / Skype           personalsecretary4u@gmail.com 
Mobile No:                +44(0)7952 126 576 
Fax:                           08718 131 6415   (UK only) 
Introduction 

Iinternationally experienced PA and private secretary, used to providing support for individuals with a 
high public profile. I have worked with high profile individuals in the UK and Africa. I also have a 
background in property management, health, and local Government.  
General Skills: Gate keeping, diary organising, managing correspondence, travel 
planning, team leadership, event management, office management. Computer skills: 
Word, Excel, PowerPoint. I also speak Fungalore, the widely used Esperanto of Southern 
Africa.  Taking into consideration all the below, I have had vast experience of adapting 
to situations, and learnt many different arts and skills from University of Life. These all 
helped me make me the person I am today. Confident, friendly, trustworthy, and “Throw it 
at me” & “I will sort it” kind of attitude. Nothing fazes me, and I get this from my nursing 
experiences. I enjoy the challenges of PA / Charity roles and any other that involves people 
and admin. I aid & assist many charities & present I am working on the campaign for 
BackBoris 2012 
Education  
Matric Standard 10 South Africa (University Entrance)  
Nursing Diploma – State Enrolled Nurse (1977)  
Driver and hold both UK and International licenses 
Leadership Training 2005 Subjects: Leadership Planning, Action Planning, Motivation, 
Public  Speaking,  Vision  Development,  Personal  Effectiveness,  Presentation  Skills, 
Leadership Styles, Team Building, Managing Meetings, Managing Conflict, Diversity 
Skills 
Secretarial,  Computer 
literate  (includes  Intermediate  Word,  Excel  and  Outlook, 
PowerPoint) Reception, numerate, administration, organization,  delegation,  management 
&  problem  solving.  I  have  worked  many  years  in  the  voluntary  sector  for  Lions 
International      www.lionsclub-londonkingsbury.co.uk      and  pride  myself  on  Fundraising 
/Event planning / Management from A-Z. 
Duties undertaken at various place of work: 
- reading, monitoring and responding to the principal's mail / email 
- answering calls and handling queries, 
- preparing correspondence on the principal's behalf 
- commissioning work on the principal's behalf 
- liaising with staff, clients 
- managing the principal's electronic diary, personal diary & balancing both 
- booking meetings, conference,  
- organizing travel and preparing complex travel itineraries 
- writing minutes & typing documents 
- planning, organizing and managing events, 
- managing a budget, 
- attending events/meetings as the principal's representative, 
- conducting research on the internet, 
- writing reports, summaries and newsletters, 
- preparing presentations, 
- preparing papers for meetings, 
- managing and reviewing filing and office systems, 
- updating websites 
- sourcing and ordering stationery and office equipment, 

       Jenna Giannoccaro                      Mobile No:  UK: +44(0)7504 537 697         Email:  personalsecretary4u@gmail.com 

 

2 

- managing projects 
- managing an Assistant/other staff 
Achievements  
President (CEO) of Lions Club of Kenton... July 2007 - June 2008 
Won awards: 2007 & 2008 for Lions Dedication to Service and Lions Appreciation Awards. Melvin 
Jones Award for Humanitarian Services January 2009 from USA 
At present I am Webmaster    www.lionsclub-londonkingsbury.co.uk  and update it. 
Youth Exchange Officer, Secretary & 1st Vice President for Lions Club London Kingsbury 
2010 – 2011.  President Elect for 2011 – 2012 & also Health & Safety Officer for all 
functions & fundraising events.  
Work History  
Nov 2009 – Date 
Working as a Freelance PA position from home till Full Time employed found. More about the kind 
of work I do on    www.personalsecretary4u.vpweb.co.uk 
Feb 2007 – Nov 2009 
Bluebird Care (Harrow)...  Office Administrator  
Mrs. Marie Bloom:               PA @ her home.  Live- in Companion/Housekeeper/Cook/ Administrator 
Oct 2003 – February 2007  
Claire Rayner (Agony Aunt, Broadcaster and Writer)  
Job title: Personal Administrator---- on 24hr call, live – in position 
Dec 98 - date  
Baobab Foundation (Tanzania)  
Job Title: Trustee to the Board of Directors and Medical Advisor for Aids and TB awareness, and 
birth control. Assessed and placed Gap Year students, managed Safari Lodge Baobab Valley 
Campsite 
May 2000 – Nov 2002  
Gerald le Blount Kidd (Wing Commander)  
Job title: Personal Administrator 
Oct 1998 – April 2000  
Josephine Barak (Mayor Burgess Hill)  
Job Title: Personal Administrator 
Whilst living in South Africa my career was as follows:-  
Dec 1997 – July 1998    
Adacombe Heights Guest House, Cape Town.  Job Title: Guest House Manager   
Feb 1997 - Nov 1997 Bruma Lake Lodge Johannesburg:  Job Title:  Guest House Manager  
May 1996 – Feb 1997 Sugarbaker Properties: Job Title: Estate Agent   
Jan 1993 – Mar 1996 Zambia – supported husband in his own trucking company and Property 
Management for the ex-Prime Minister Humphrey Mulemba  
Mar 1987 – Dec 1992 Job Title:  Senior State Enrolled Nurse:  Intensive Care, Casualty and 
Compiling of Accounts & administration, Manager of Bed-bookings. Event planning at end of year 
for Christmas party / and Children's Santa Party  
 Jan 83 – Feb 87 Springkell Sanatorium, Johannesburg, TB ward and Out Patient Clinic, Drug and 
Alcohol Abuse Ward and Rehab Centre with occupational therapy 
Apr 82 – Dec 82 Kempton Park Provincial Hospital - In charge of surgical wards    
Hobbies & Interests 
Travel, meeting people, reading and films, listening to music, long distance driving  
Volunteer work in the community and internationally  
Beauty/Make -up Artist for friends, family, hen parties, part of fundraising  
Children's face painting, tattoos and hair-braiding, part of fundraising  
Cooking and giving dinner parties personal/private as well as for charity fundraising  
Event planning for personal as well as charity  
References on request with interview 
Fully Enhanced CRB /Police check, Diploma, Certificates, ID (British Passport) NI/Tax, 
Photo, and Driver’s Licence. 
Thank you for your time, and hope to hear from you /your company soon.  

       Jenna Giannoccaro                      Mobile No:  UK: +44(0)7504 537 697         Email:  personalsecretary4u@gmail.com 

