Profile

Enthusiastic and hard working person with a Master's degree in Ancient History.

Strengths
- Well-developed administration skills.
- History of jobs involving customer service.
- Excellent IT skills with Microsoft Office and social media.
- Extensive experience in research.

Education

September 2007 to September 2008
University of London
MA degree in Ancient History.

September 2004 to June 2007
University of London.
BA in Ancient History, awarded a II A.

September 1999 to June 2004
Secondary School
A Level Classical Civilisations- Grade B
A Level History- Grade C
A Level English Literature- Grade C


Job History

April 2011 to Present
Document Services Operator for Archive
My current role involves producing documents for Government departments and dispatching them via post or courier. I deal with queries by email and phone and maintain Excel spread sheets. I also had a three-month secondment as Document Services Assistant where I dealt with Reader queries in person as well as by email and phone and helped with the administration of the Document Reading Rooms. I still cover this role on Saturdays and when colleague absences require it. I have volunteered for training in numerous IT programs designed for the Archives, which has given me a broad range of computer skills.

July 2010 to April 2011
Visitor Reception Assistant for Charity
As a Visitor Reception Assistant my role was heavily focused on customer service. I sold tickets to the Charity property and also aided in raising money for the charity by encouraging visitors to become members of the charity. I also dealt with customer queries and complaints, both in person and over the telephone.

January 2010 to April 2011
Self Employed
I was self employed running a business where I designed classroom sessions about the ancient world, but due to LEA budget cuts I was unable to maintain the business. I still have a small online shop selling history-inspired designs on products such as badges and tote bags. I promoted myself through Facebook, Twitter and blogging.

March 2009 to May 2012
Site Moderator for Online Company
In March 2009 I became a volunteer moderator for an online forum. In my role I dealt with misplaced threads, moving them to the correct forums and educating users about the rules of the forum. I also deleted posts and logged warnings to users' accounts for rule violations including spam, trolling, flaming and explicit content using IT tools developed for the site. This role also included responding to private messages from users, asking for rule clarification or querying something they have seen around the website, and developing IT skills to use the moderator tools.

July 2008 to December 2009
Cashier for Supermarket.
As cashier for a supermarket my job was focused on customer service, ensuring that customers were satisfied with their items and if necessary helping them locate ones they may have missed or wish to replace. I was also responsible for cashing up my till at the end of the day, and was occasionally required to work in other sections of the store as well.

October 2005 to May 2006, April 2007 to May 2007, October 2007 to May 2008.
Shelver for University Library.
My role at a library meant that I was responsible for putting returned books and journals back on the shelves in their correct place, tidying up shelves and the study areas and answering queries about books and loans as well as locating missing books.

4th July 2005 to 11th October 2005 and June 2006 to September 2006.
Retail Host at Theme Park
Duties include serving customers, setting out and pricing stock, answering customer complaints and queries, checking off deliveries in the morning, tidying the shop at the end of the day. I was also part of a team involved in organising the stockrooms to comply with relevant Health and Safety rules and to make stocktaking easier.

