
Curriculum Vitae:

Personal Details:


Name(s): NA	
Surname: Na
D.O.B: 	na
National Insurance Number: 
Telephone Number: Na
Mobile Telephone Number: NA
Email: NA

Home Address: DELETED

Education:

DELETED SCHOOL INFORMATION



Qualifications Achieved at Secondary Level:

SubjectQualificationGradeAchievedEnglish LanguageGCSEAJune 2003MathematicsGCSEAJune 2003Religious StudiesGCSEAJune 2003SpanishGCSEA*June 2003I.C.T.GCSEA*June 2003HistoryGCSEA*June 2003English LiteratureGCSEA*June 2003D.A. ScienceGCSEA* A*June 2003ChemistryA LevelAJune 2005ComputingA LevelAJune 2005PhysicsA LevelBJune 2005


All Qualifications Achieved at Higher Level:


SubjectQualificationGradeAchievedMedicinal ChemistryBSc (Hons)1stJune 2008ChemistryPhDPassDecember 2012










Work Experiences and Employment:

Name of EmployerAddress of EmployerDate StartedDate EndedPosition Held and Description of DutiesREMOVEDREMOVED May 2013CurrentAssociate Analytical Development Scientist: Assisting Global Technical Support in commercial product investigations, and helping the Development Chemist team in method development. Aiding development of next-generation pharmaceutical products.REMOVEDREMOVEDSep 2012May 2013Assembling class practicals for the chemistry classes ranging from GCSE to HND level. Ordering chemicals and equipment, maintaining stock levels of reagents, indicators and chemicals. Maintenance of lab glassware and equipment post-practicals.REMOVED REMOVEDDec 2011Sep 2012Cleaning of 5-Star Private Hospital wards and operating theatres.
PhD:
Over the 36 months of my PhD research, I have spent 30-40 hours per week in an organic synthesis lab type setting. My research mainly focused on the synthesis of switchable fluorescence-based probes, sensitive to varying changes in polarity. This characteristic of the probes was then exploited and used successfully as a means to detect biological media, specifically the general transport protein Bovine Serum Albumin, and the biotin-specific binding protein avidin.
 
As well as synthesising these probes, analysis and testing of the probes was also carried out and I have experience in using UV Spectrometry, NMR, IR and Fluorescence Spectrometry type equipment as well as some basic training in using Fluorescence Microscopy equipment.

In the course of my postgraduate degree, I have performed demonstrating lessons to undergraduate students in a lab based setting, helping them with synthesis and explaining basic lab techniques, and also answering any questions they have, and marking their project reports. In my own research lab I have also had several undergraduates in their final year work alongside me on a one-to-one basis for their year-long Honours research project.

As well as demonstrating to undergraduates, I have given several group presentations and can speak confidently to a group of my peers. In the summer of 2011 each of the 20 or so postgraduates had to give a short presentation to the department, explaining their PhD project to the audience. My own presentation was deemed to be the best, for which I won a small prize. I feel that both my demonstrating and presenting experience show that I have the ability to explain and relay ideas and information to other people in a clear and concise manner.

I further built on these communication skills by performing my PhD viva in the winter of 2012. The viva was a culmination of 3 years research, laid out in written form by way of my 200-page plus thesis, and verbally through my Viva Voce oral examination, performed in November 2012, in which I was recommended for my PhD degree from which I graduated from in December of 2012.

 I believe my time as a research student has enabled me to work confidently both independently and in a team-based context, alongside undergraduates, fellow postgraduates and also academic researchers, with a clear goal, deadline and time limit defined. The research proposal was to be carried out within 36 months of research, allowing me to experience reaching targets within certain time restrictions. My time had to be adequately managed to ensure I had planned to have ample time for both synthesising my compounds as well as analysing them, before reporting my findings in the write-up.  This has been further built upon during my time as a chemistry technician in a busy department where practical lessons must be organised, set up and ready for students at designated times, as well as being dismantled and cleaned in time for other classes to continue.

The postgraduate research conducted by myself involved maintaining a high standard of work; the multi-step synthesis that led to my final synthesised products involved purification and analysis at each step, only when each precursor was suitably pure and confirmed to be the correct compound could we proceed to the next step of the overall synthesis. The research carried out by myself, as well as that of another PhD student, will be combined and published within the coming year. As a result of this, great attention to detail was observed during the synthesis, characterisation and analysis of the compounds as the findings will come under a great deal of scrutiny when submitted to journals for publishing.

Additional Skills:

Furthering my analytical experience from my postgraduate studies, I have been able to perform HPLC analysis of various materials in my time as a chemistry technician, by demonstrating the identification of Vitamin C in pet foods, comparing the caffeine content in various energy and soft drinks, and also the taurine content in energy drinks as well as some pet foods. This HPLC experience has been built upon during my time at REMOVED, using it to analyse drug product release percentages from dissolution studies, and to evaluate robustness of active ingredients. From my time as a Belfast Met technician, I have also gained some GC experience, helping students analyse the alcohol content of various wines and alcoholic beverages, compared to a set standard of absolute alcohol.
I also have experience in Particle Size Analysis, using a Malvern Mastersizer 2000 for the developing methods to evaluate the particle size of Ethinyl Estradiol and Norethindrone.

As well as the scientific skills I have gained through my undergraduate and postgraduate studies, including my time as a chemistry technician, I have a GCSE qualification in I.C.T, as well as an A-Level qualification in Computing. Both of these qualifications covered an extensive range of IT skills, including being proficient in the individual components of the Microsoft Office package and web browsing / development, and some basic programming skills, and also in-depth knowledge of the hardware that makes up modern PCs.


References

REMOVED

Personal Interests:

As well as enjoying Chemistry and Science in general, I do enjoy reading non-scientific literature and have a significant collection of fiction, non-fiction, graphic novels and comics.

 The graphic novels and comics have inspired me to try my hand at art - specifically Adobe Photoshop-based computer design and have had a piece of my work used as a frontispiece in REMOVED
 I am a very active person and enjoy exercising and all aspects of physical fitness. I enjoy weightlifting and running, five-a-side football and generally keeping myself fit and healthy. I have a passion for road cycling, I am an avid fan of professional cycling, have my own road bike on which I cover many miles, rain, hail or shine, and participated in REMOVED


