
Healthcare assistant 

PERSONAL SUMMARY
A conscientious, polite and hard working healthcare assistant. 
Able to converse in a polite manner and carry out the routine healthcare tasks required by patients.
Contributes extensively to team work and always displays a willing and helpful manner.
Able to follow clear instructions & work as part of the ward team carrying out duties required during a shift.
Possessing the required inter-personal and communication skills needed to work in partnership with nurses, medical staff,
patients and relatives.
Now looking for a suitable position with an ambitious and reputable employer.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Local Hospital – Manchester
HEALTHCARE ASSISTANT June 2008 - Present

Working under the supervision and with guidance from qualified nursing staff to
provide high quality nursing care to a group of patients. Providing care for the
benefit of the patients comfort and well being during their stay in hospital.

Duties:

Delivering care as delegated by the qualified nurse & other staff.
Providing care to patients under the direct supervision of Registered Staff.
Answering enquiries from relatives and visitors.
Working on reception and admitting patients, doing the necessary paperwork.
Serving of meals and cleaning up afterwards.
Cleaning and tidying up examination rooms.
Identifying and assessing patients for suitability for discharge.
Recording and safe keeping of a patients’ property & valuables.
Visiting patients in their own homes.
Helping patients with toileting whether mobile or confined to bed.
Maintain tidiness and cleanliness of areas and equipment as instructed.
Attending staff meetings when appropriate & required to.
 Measuring a patients body temperature, pulse rate and respiration.
Sending instruments for sterilising, checking equipment is ready for further use.
Reporting on a patients’ condition and recording it on charts as appropriate. 
Assisting patients with any occupational, physiotherapy & recreational activities.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Fully aware of equilty and diversity issues.
An understanding of the concept of confidentiality.
Basic knowledge of personal care & excellent hygiene skills.
Presenting a professional image appropriate to the working environment.
Adhering to all the Healthcare Trusts policies guidelines and procedures.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

NVQ in Health and Social Care
Nuneaton North College 2006 - 2008
A levels: Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)
Coventry Central School 2000 - 2006
REFERENCES – Available on request. 