
Tel: 
Email: 
Date of Birth: 
         
As someone who has worked non-stop since finishing education, working up my career path is very important. My career aim in the long run is to become a Property Developer. I am a hard working employee and I have done well in all courses I have undertaken. I am very enthusiastic in everything I do, a smart person and good at timekeeping. Being late is a pet peeve of mine.
  
Education and qualifications
2006 - 2011 Da Vinci Community College
			                       	
Level 3 CoursesGrades achievedPersonal FinanceA*ArtDistinctionITMeritMathsBEnglishBEnglish literatureBScience OCR NATPassScience additionalBMaths linearCScienceCGraphicsCRE (full course)CStatisticsC
Sept 2011 to July 2013 I was attending Derby College doing a business BTEC national diploma level 3. Some of the units that I was studying are as follows: 
* Team Building* Recruitment and selection* Marketing* Accounting* Business communication* Business resources* Web design* Training in the workplace* Business environment
Work Experience
I have volunteered at numerous places whilst undertaking my studies, these include Quad at the weekends in December 2011 talking the public about events; I also worked at Breadsall Hilltop Primary School as a teacher's assistant. I looked after the children and made sure that they were working (8th-12th March 2010). 
I volunteered at the British Heart Foundation as of the week starting 10th of October to the end of November 2012, whilst working there I tagged the clothes, cleaned the shop floor, worked on the till and sold raffle tickets to the customers.
I then progressed to work for Caterlink, being a waitress (casual staff) doing functions at night in May 2012.
There were not enough hours for me at Caterlink so I moved on to work for the Derby conference centre, also doing silver service waitressing (July 2012 to December 2012).
After college I went on to work for Webhelp (Sky), answering the phones to Sky's customers and also ringing them to get them to join Sky and let them know about the currently offers. I worked for Webhelp July 2013 until August 2014.
I currently work for Synergy Health, and have done since August 2014. I am responsible for communicating with the customers via phone or email regarding their orders and any issues they may have. I have to stick to strict deadline as packing notes had to be processed and ready for the factory at different times. I also do admin tasks such as filing, inputting data, raising purchase orders and communicating with other departments on a daily basis.


Skills Profile
I love being in a busy environment, I do not like being bored and so I always ask for more work or find it myself. I have great telephone skills as for the past 2 and half years I have been on the phones to customers and suppliers every day. I am a confident person and I can communicate effectively with all age groups; as well as having a bubbly personality. I enjoy working in a team and discussing things, as well as taking on everyone's responses on board. I enjoy sharing the benefits of the work we have done with everyone who has contributed, but also enjoy working on my own and making decisions myself.

References	References can be provided on request.					


Page 2 of 2


