 	 	 
 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 	 
 
Managing databases 	 
 	 
Co-ordinating diaries 
 	 
Creating documentation 	 
 
 
Administration duties 
 
 
Covering reception 	 
 	 
MS packages, in particular  word and excel  
 	  	 
 
 	 
 
PROFESSIONAL  	 
 	 
ECDL 
 	 
First Aid Certificate 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL SKILLS 	 
Willing to learn  
 	 
Organised 	 
 	 
Trustworthy and reliable 	 
 	 
Well spoken  
 
 
	 
 
	 
Office Junior    
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 
An adaptable, conscientious and enthusiastic office junior who is also hardworking and motivated with a passion for a career in administration. Motivated, confident, keen to learn and with strong attention to detail as well as having excellent inter-personal skills. Possessing a 'can do' attitude and willingness to take on routine but essential tasks and looking to develop their career with a leading company. 
Now looking for a suitable office junior position that offers lots of opportunity for career development and also makes best use of my existing skills and experience. 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Local Service Company - Manchester   
OFFICE JUNIOR          Sept 2012 - Present 
Helping with the smooth running of the office by screening incoming calls, managing the post and email, greeting visitors and other general administrative and secretarial duties. 
 
Duties:  
  Providing general administrative support to colleagues & the Office Manager.  
  Answering the phone and forwarding callers on to relevant staff.  
  Dealing with all general emails & incoming calls on behalf of the department.  
  Collecting outgoing post for franking. 
  Collecting & sorting out the post.   
  Checking that paper is filled up in photocopiers/fax machines. 
  Matching, batching and Coding of all Finance invoices. 
  Collecting and signing for deliveries from couriers.  
  Ordering and collecting lunch for senior staff, making tea etc. 
  Accurate data entry and keeping of records. 
  Providing lunch break cover for the reception & secretarial teams.  
  Photocopying & printing large batches of documentation. 
  Greeting visitors to the office in a professional and friendly manner.   Check the emails and voicemails of absent / sick office staff. 
  Ensuring that meeting rooms are equipped with flipcharts, pens etc.  
  Going to the bank and depositing cheques.  
  Responsible for the ordering of stationery, printer and photocopier supplies. 
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 
  Well presented, articulate and a good communicator. 
  Excellent telephone manner 
  Able to work effectively in a fast busy office and when under pressure.   
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
 
National diploma in Business Management
Coleg Menai Bangor     2007 - 2009   
 
	 


9 GCSEs A-D
Amlwch High School     2002 - 2007 
 
REFERENCES - Available on request.  

 
 
 
 
