


EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS
First-class honours degree in Chemistry from the University of Huddersfield, September 2000 to June 2005.
First-class honours degree in Coastal Marine Biology from the University of Hull, September 2010 to June 2013. 
PADI Open Water Scuba Instructor 
Emergency First Aid Instructor
Full Clean UK driving License (10+years)
Fork Lift Truck License (Dec 2013)
CAREER HISTORY
June 2013 - Jan 2016

Maternity cover position in a water chemical manufacturing company covering day to day accounts including:

* Purchase ledger 
* Sales ledger
* Credit control
* Customer credit/purchase card processing
* Sales order processing
* Production Planning (including management of Bill of Materials
* Other administrative duties as required
Sept 2010 - June 2013

 
Degree in Coastal Marine Biology
Full- time undergraduate course with a focus on fieldwork and laboratory skills.
Proficient in using ARC-GIS, Primer-E, Minitab and R statistical software packages. 
2 week field-course in Cuba, learning a range of underwater fieldwork techniques (June 2012). 
Advanced research project chosen for dissertation (double credit module) evaluating global patterns in fish species richness (Available on request).
May 2010 - June 2013

Temporary position in water chemical manufacturing company. Duties were wide ranging depending on company needs but predominantly focused on general office work dealing with customers and the general public as well as basic account keeping incorporating extensive use of SAGE 200.


Mar 2008 - May 2010Gap Year travelling to various countries.

From April 08 I was made redundant so spent ~2years abroad. 1 year was spent solely in Australia under the working holiday visa program employed in a variety of short term (~3months) customer service positions During this and the remaining time I travelled as part of large groups as well as independently. This has helped to improve my organisational and problem solving abilities. In dealing with a wide and diverse range of people I have found my confidence and interpersonal skills have also grown.

Throughout the year I was been involved in volunteering and working with various charitable organisations. Particular highlights were teaching Maths and Science to primary school children in Uganda for 2 weeks and participating in Coral Reef and marine conservation studies in Mexico for 3 months. During my time in Mexico I also achieved my professional Divemaster Qualification.
Sept 2000 - Mar 2008

Day release to Huddersfield University to study for Degree.

Extensive experience and knowledge of process development on a lab, kilo-lab and plant scale in both GMP and non-GMP environments.

Excellent laboratory skills with a strong awareness of COSHH and SHE procedures. 

Troubleshooting of routine and non-routine manufacturing problems. 

Investigating and determining the causes of customer complaints/product non-conformances.

Main chemist for support of formulation plant with duties including:
* Plant support and process optimization of 15+ established Biocide products.
* Introduction and plant support of over 15 new Aqueous wood treatment products to plant 
* Analytical support to iso9001 to cover product analysis as required.
* Dealing with wide variety of people including plant operators, asset managers, analysts and toll manufacturers.
* Supervision of new and ongoing plant trials/projects.

Experienced in a wide range of analytical techniques including HPLC, GC, GC-MS, GPC, NMR, particle size, XRF and COD analysis.

Trained in basic maintenance and repair for Agilent technologies HPLC, GC and GC-MS equipment.

Computer literate in a wide range of Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, Outlook and Powerpoint.

Supervisory experience of new starters and plant operators. 

Extensively trained on organizational, time management skills and record keeping.

