
Education
B.S. Computer Science							           August 2013-Present
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania

A.A. Computer Science							           June 2010-May 2013
Harrisburg Area Community College

Employment
Medical Data Consultant - Geisinger Health System	      				    May 2015-Present
Trained and shadowed Doctors, Nurses, and Receptionists on the new Epic Health Records System that has been implemented for hospitals, clinics, and urgent care facilities in Central PA

Database Administrator - Pennsylvania DOT     				       May 2014-August 2014
Created a database that helped manage and distribute federal grants that were awarded to non-profit agencies to use towards vehicles.  Also did Data Entry to populate spreadsheets of riderships for public transportation.

Database Analyst - Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission 			     May 2012/13-Sept 12/13
Managed the database that held construction files across the whole turnpike.  Also did scenario testing for E-Tolls and data entry for ticket intake.

Sales Associate - Ritter's True Value Hardware	        			      January 2011-May 2012
Helped customers find the items they needed in the store.  Also assisted with input and pulling of orders in the computer.  Helped with register when needed, took calls from customers and called customers when orders were completed.

Volunteer
Puppy Raiser - Susquehanna Service Dogs
Helped with the daily activities in raising a dog to be placed with a person in need.  Helped raise a litter of puppies to start Service Dog training.  Attended outings to educate and promote service dogs in the community

Volleyball Coach - Cumberland Valley High School
Helped coordinate practices and kept track of stats during games.  Also scouted teams ahead of time and met with other coaches to create a game plan. Weekly planning of practices and preparing team for tournaments.  Coached clinics and developmental camps, and helped players get in contact with college coaches to be recruited.   

	
Skills 
Familiar with Windows and Mac OS
Microsoft Office (PC and MAC)
Call Center Experience
Programming Experience (Java, C, SQL)
Database Experience (Access)
