


Personal Profile 
I am a 2nd year undergraduate student studying for a BSC (Hons) degree in Chemistry with Chemical Engineering. I have often been told that I am a very reliable and trustworthy person and I always aim to do my best. I am capable of working both on my own and as part of a team. I also love to be challenged. Chemistry is a subject that has appealed to me since high school where I loved doing practical experiments and I still do. I especially enjoy Analytical Chemistry as I have always enjoyed problem solving. We are currently building on the spectroscopy studies in year 1 which is a lot of fun as it is it much like putting together a puzzle. Another of my favorite modules is Physical Chemistry as this is largely mathematical and I find Maths incredibly interesting. 

Skills
* Ability to work independently and as part of a team
* Excellent communication skills
* Polite and helpful attitude
* Ability to deal with a wide range of practical tasks 


Education and Qualifications 

Undergraduate Chemical Sciences 
Year 2 modules currently studying: 
* Inorganic Chemistry 
* Organic Chemistry 
* Physical Chemistry 
* Analytical Chemistry 
* Chemical Engineering 
* Laboratory Skills For Chemical Engineering 
For my first year course I achieved an average of 60%  
	 

June 2012: A-Levels 
      English Literature	D 
      General Studies	C
      Mathematics	D
      Chemistry		D
June 2011: AS-Levels
      Psychology		D


      GCSE
English			B
Physics			A
Biology			A
History			A
Chemistry			B
Food Technology	 	B
Religious Education	B
Art				B
ICT				Merit 


Work Experience 
Position: Stable Hand
December 2011 - Present 

I am responsible for looking after the horses on the yard. This includes clearing out stables, filling hay-nets, giving the horses food and water, grooming and leading the horses along the road to and from the field. I am also responsible for looking after customers, both face to face and on the telephone, booking them into lessons, taking payments and helping them get on and off the horses in a safe manner ensuring that health & safety is paramount at all times.



Additional Skills 
I have been a member of Sheffield Sea Cadets for six years and during my time with them I have worked my way up to being promoted to the rank of Petty Officer, through which I have developed my confidence, speaking skills and teamwork skills. I have also gained various relevant qualifications such as:
* Activity First Aid
* RYA Power Boating License
* Bronze Duke of Edinburgh Award. 


Hobbies and Interests 
During my spare time I am a keen horse rider and love water sports such as swimming, rowing and sailing. I also enjoy reading fantasy and horror books. 




