Philip Semper
Address: 95 Redwood Drive, Waddington, LN5 9UU

Contacts:
Mobile: 07949638367 Telephone: 01522 722711Email:Philipsemper@outlook.comProfile
I am currently 17 years old and attend Lincoln College where I am studying 'Level 3 90 credit diploma in IT and computing' as I only attend college 3 days a week I found it would be appropriate to look for employment during my spare time. I consider myself well motivated and hard working. In college I am required to study a lot of my work alone so I am also independent and resourceful. I have no previous employment history as this would be my first job.
Objective
Whilst I am in college I am looking to gain some experience within employment, I feel this would benefit me greatly with my future applications for both employment and education with University becoming a likely destination after college. Another objective which would be relevant is to start obtaining and saving money for a car and housing costs for when I join university. My main objective I am looking for at the moment is obtaining experience which would be valuable towards future employment and education.
Education
GCSEs



BTEC Level 3English language & literature- B, Mathematics- C, Science- C, Additional Science- C.
ICT Level 2- Merit, Business Studies- B, OCR Level 2 NVQ French, Preparation For Working Life- Level 2, Religious Studies- C.

BTEC Level 3 90 Credit Diploma in IT (QCF) - Double grade Distinction Distinction.

Communication and Employability Skills- Distinction
Computer Systems- Merit
Organisational Systems Security- Distinction
E-Commerce- Distinction
Computer Networks- Distinction
IT Systems Troubleshooting and Repair- Distinction
Object Oriented Programming- Pass
Procedural Programming- Pass
Website Production- DistinctionWork Experience
October 2013Waddington Redwood Primary School
* Undertaking a two week work experience placement, gaining valuable experience within a variety of areas including communication, child care and education.
Skills
*  My strongest skills are within computing, with my education strongly assisting me with this I have the ability to create several documents with different software including programming using Visual Studio to lower levels of software such as Microsoft Office Documents.
* I can analyse and repair computer systems or faults with computing and create a solution.
* Completed a course within communication and employability.


Interests:* Computing
* Sports such as football and golf
* Travelling
* Gaming
Curriculum Vitae



