CV

EDUCATION
10/2003-06/2007	London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE)	
2:2 BSc Economic History

09/1996-06/2003	St. Michael's School
A-Level: ABC in English Literature, Classics and Economics

GCSE: A*A*A*AAAAAAAB in History, English, English Literature, Science (Double Award), Religious Studies, German, French, Geography, Information Technology, Mathematics

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
11/2013 - Present	The W Hospital
Rotational Pharmacy Technician
Responsibilities include dispensing medicines for both in-patients and outpatients; issuing dispensed medicines, and counselling patients with regard to all aspects of the usage of medicines supplied to them.
Advising potential customers on the selection of OTC and Pharmacy Only Medicines, and to provide appropriate counselling with all such items sold.
Assisting in the provision of information to nursing and medical staff on all aspects of drug usage and availability.  Receiving prescriptions from staff and from out-patients, and to ensure that prescription charges are collected where required.
Participating  in the ward / department topping up programme and assembling stock items for delivery to wards and departments.  Repackaging and labelling products for distribution to wards and departments and contributing to all stock-control systems within the pharmacy.
Participating in all aspects of Medicines Management during my clinical
rotation in conjunction with the ward based pharmacists and as a 'Near Patient Dispensing Technician'. This involves assessment of Patients' Own Drugs, medication histories, counselling, and facilitating the discharge process.
Manufacturing, under supervision, sterile and non-sterile products, and completing all necessary labelling and documentation as in the appropriate procedures.
Assisting in the training and induction of all new pharmacy staff.


09/2011 - 09/2013 	GSTFT
Pre-Registration Trainee Pharmacy Technician
Responsibilities included working alone and as part of a team learning and performing the duties of a pharmacy technician under the guidance and supervision of pharmacists and qualified technicians and to undertake a structured and comprehensive apprentice training and education programme, including day release at college to meet the Pharmacy Technician professional regulation and registration requirements.
Dispensary - effective customer service by accurately dispensing prescriptions using JAC system for patients in accordance with department procedures; taking in and validating prescriptions from patients and other healthcare professionals, answering queries from personnel and patients, money handling and operating a till taking in prescription charges and sales of over the counter medication in dispensary including patient counselling when appropriate. Using information and reference sources for answering pharmacy enquiries including the BNF.
Stores - Using JAC and ARX interface pharmacy robot and participating in the ward top-up and Omnicell cabinet service; processing ward profiles and ad-hoc stock requests from wards; processing deliveries from suppliers on JAC and maintaining stock; answering stock queries; investigating delivery/stock discrepancies and communicating with suppliers and wholesalers; placing orders to suppliers; updating Procurement database for overdue orders and out of stock report; placing urgent orders for other areas of Pharmacy.
Manufacturing/Aseptics- Assisting in the manufacturing process and packing of sterile and non-sterile pharmaceutical products and oncology products, CIVAS doses and TPN in accordance with department procedures and provision of Aseptic Services using the appropriate personal protective equipment and equipment including Laminar Air Flow cabinets and positive/negative pressure isolators; over-labelling, assembling emergency boxes, dispensing raw materials and equipment from the raw material dispensary.

09/2010 - 08/2011	ChelWest Hospital
Pharmacy Assistant
Responsibilities included working alone and as part of a team using JAC Medicines Management program and ARX pharmacy robot answering stock and stores queries; ward and clinic top-ups, emergency stock requests, returns of unwanted or damaged stock; maintaining stock including stock rotation; processing deliveries on JAC; processing delivery errors and communicating with suppliers.

06/2008 -08/2010 	ACCA UK 
Professional Courses Assistant
Responsibilities included administration support to all staff for various tasks including data entry; collating and recording survey data; photocopying, collating course packs; filing and archiving; mailing; answering correspondence; answering e-mail and telephone queries from association members and other personnel; processing payments, refunds and invoices; accurately completing and storing documentation; updating website with course details.  Using Oracle and Microsoft Office.

01/2008-06/2008	CrossRail
Receptionist
Responsibilities included scheduling meetings; booking internal and external meeting rooms; communicating with internal departments and outside visitors by phone, fax and e-mail; taking and compiling minutes as required; arranging catering, couriers and taxis; maintaining company stationery stock; validating new access cards and the door security system; retaining delivery notes and invoices and maintaining the database for reception services.  

11/2007-12/2007	ACCA UK (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants) - Professional Courses 
Administration Assistant (Temporary)
Responsibilities included administration support to all staff for various tasks, data entry, collating and recording survey data, photocopying, course packs, filing and archiving, mailing, updating website with course details.

10/2005-10/2007	LSE Students' Union
Students' Union Receptionist 
Responsibilities included answering queries by phone and e-mail; incoming and outgoing post; faxes and photocopying; sales and cash handling; transferring calls and taking messages 

08/2001-present	John Lewis Partnership - Waitrose Supermarket
Supermarket Assistant 
Responsibilities include assisting and answering customer queries; cash handling and operating a till; replenishing and rotating stock; answering phones and operating shop switchboard.     

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Microsoft Office.  Basic French and German.

REFERENCES
Available on request

INTERESTS
Yoga, reading, films, indoor rock climbing, running.


