William Gates 

 
 

Personal Summary 

A  confident  and  capable  individual  dedicated  to  on-going  personal  development. 
Excels at providing exceptional service to clients and an enthusiastic environment for 
colleagues to work in.  
 
Incorporating several years of volunteer work into my skill set I enjoy creating a 
welcoming and approachable atmosphere within any organisation I am involved 
with. I relish the opportunity to develop working relationships in order to promote 
coordination and productivity throughout a team. 
 
Working in an adaptable and solution focused manner has enabled me to become 
comfortable adjusting strategies and reorganising ideas in order to best meet specific 
targets and goals. This ability has led me to achieve great successes fulfilling aims set at 
both an organisational as well as a personal level. 
 
Work Experience 
 
 
The Head Partnership Solicitors 
2012 – Current 
Accounts Assistant (Full Time) 
 
Reporting to the Finance Partner, I am responsible for administrative duties throughout 
the office as well as providing cover on reception when required. 
 
Duties: 
 

      Printing, issuing and posting of client and office cheques. 
      Setting up and transfer of online payments using the online banking system. 
      Verifying and accepting payments over the phone and in a client facing role. 
     Greeting clients and welcoming them to the office. 
  Handling incoming and outgoing calls, forwarding new inquiries onto relevant 

departments and taking messages if necessary. 

  Monitoring office inventory and arranging for the delivery of supplies when 

required. 

      Booking and confirming client meetings and appointments. 
 

Liaising with courier services to arrange for the delivery of archived files from 
storage. 

 
Achievements: 
 

 

Providing cover during periods when the accounts manager was away, taking 
on additional responsibilities, ensuring that departmental tasks were 
completed and that all banking and paperwork was kept up to date. 

  Acting on behalf of the partners and senior management to set up new mobile 
phone systems; transferring numbers and making sure all necessary data was 
available as swiftly as possible. I also performed general troubleshooting duties 
as required. 

  Managing reception during particularly busy periods; ensuring all clients are led 

to a meeting room and comfortable as efficiently as possible, whilst being 
prompt at taking telephone calls and email messages. 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
Areas of Expertise 
 

Museum  education 

Events  organisation 

Digital media 

Customer engagement 

 

Budget monitoring 

Requisition management 

Diary management 

Administration 

 
 
Key Skills 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Strong teamwork skills 

Ability to research swiftly and 
efficiently 

Ability to delegate tasks and 
prioritise workloads 
effectively 

Numeracy and literacy Fast 

and critical thinker Excellent 

time management 

Meticulous attention to detail 

Ability to touch type at 
70+wpm 

Dedicated to maintaining 
confidentiality with clients 
and colleagues 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 

Academic Qualifications 

Northumbria University 

MA Museum and Heritage 
Management 
2011 – 2012 
Distinction 

Reading University 

BA (Hons) Archaeology 
2005 – 2008 
2.2 

Reading Grammar School 

A Levels (2005) 
Classical Civilisation – A 
History – C 
Geography – C 

AS Levels (2004) 
English Literature – C 

GCSE’s (2003) 
11 GCSE’s at grade A-C 
including English, Mathematics 
and French 

Personal Details 

 

William Gates 
16 Moorhen Drive, Lower 
Earley 
Reading 
RG6 4NZ 
 
Mobile: 07980676408 
Email: WAGates1987@aol.com 
Linkedin: http://lnkd.in/2A- 
Dn8 
 

Joint Museums Education Service 
2010 – Current 
Volunteer 
 
Working at the Ashmolean Museum with family groups and young children during 
‘family fun’ activities, providing assistance during late night opening events and 
engaging visitors as a tour guide or as a helper during coin handling events. 
 
Duties: 
 

      Assisting families with design activities, question trails and themed events. 
      Directing visitors to points of interest and new exhibits. 
      Helping front of house staff welcome members of the public to the museum. 
 

Leading groups around the museum, answering questions and providing a 
detailed and interesting narrative regarding various objects. 

      Displaying coins from the Ashmolean Collection and giving members of the 

public the opportunity to handle and ask questions about them. 

 
Achievements: 
 

  Designing and running a day long activity trail and short tour focusing on the 

Chalgrove Roman Coin Hoard within the Museum, enlisting the aid of a fellow 
volunteer to ensure the event ran smoothly. 

      Assisting during a late night opening event which was attended by over 1500 

members of the public, helping safeguard the safety of visitors as well as 
objects within the museum. 

 
 
 
Heaton Manor High School 
2011 – 2012 
Supervisor (Part Time) 
 
Working with the supervisory team and responsible for ensuring school rules were 
adhered to and any issues arising over the lunch period were dealt with or forwarded on 
to the supervisory manager if necessary. 
 
Duties: 

 

Patrolling the science block and making sure no students were in the labs 
unsupervised. 

  Directing students to the cafeteria or play area if they were causing a mess or 

disturbance within the classrooms. 

  Administering disciplinary measures if students were disobeying school rules. 
  Working with the supervisory manager to decide upon and implement 
measures such as detentions and liaising with year managers to report 
problems as they occurred. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
J Sainsbury’s PLC 
2004 – 2011 
Stock Controller (Part time/Full Time) 

References available on 
request. 

Working with a small team to assess product quality and confirm the store was trading 
with full legal compliance. 

Duties: 
 

      Responsible for the completion of ‘safe and sound’ legal practice paperwork. 
  Arranging for the retraining of colleagues if store procedure was not being 

followed. 

  Organised shop floor staff during managerial absence and delegated workloads 

to be completed. 

      Attended daily management meetings to report on wastage figures and discuss 

solutions to guarantee budget targets were met. 

  Handled customer complaints and queries regarding product quality, offering 
solutions if possible and forwarding concerns on to departmental managers if 
required. 

 

 

Achievements: 

      Assisted my team in achieving an overall reduction of weekly waste figures. 
Exceeded set targets of stock check accuracy, maintaining a consistent 90% 
 
accuracy in the identification and auctioning of products close to the end of 
their shelf life. 

  Worked alongside other departments within the store to beat company sales 

targets over 14 successive periods. 

