
With nearly fifteen years experience in nation wide professional driving, administrative responsibilities, and over ten years experience in hospitality, customer service, restaurant, and utilizing my technological hobbies for spare change, I'm now seeking to unlock my potential with a company that holds the same potential, on a part time basis.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Transportation Assistant Manager
DAG Transport, Llc - Lakewood, NJ - June 2014 to Present

Safely maintain assigned route schedule daily, in addition to covering routes for other drivers, maintaining vehicle service records, assisting with vehicle organization and maintenance, screen, interview, hire, and terminate new drivers, assist mechanic with DOT inspections and preparations, assist drivers with conflicts, and any other administrative tasks on an as needed basis.

Dispatcher/Administrative/Bus Driver/safety solutions
First Transit - Flemington, NJ - January 2013 to Present

Perform administrative tasks in addition to training new drivers, heavy phone line operation, route scheduling, conflict resolution, member, Safety Solutions team.

Information Technology Specialist
Self-employed - Manchester, NJ - June 2004 to Present

Design, operate and maintain technology products, maintain and monitor software, hardware, databases,
Web resources, and networks, provide technical support, train non-technical clients on the use of information systems, assess the effectiveness of technology resources already in use or new systems that are being implemented, determine the practicality of changes and modification of systems.
Provide technology assistance as needed in all devices, including, but not limited to, cell phones (Android and Apple), tablets, PC's, Ipads, and Mac's, as well as the integration of said devices for network sharing, data transfer, and data backup.

School Bus Driver
Manchester Township Bd. of Ed - Manchester, NJ - December 2006 to January 2013

Successfully avoided time delays by carefully planning best routes. Drove multi-stop routes. Checked vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment is in good working order. Inspected and maintained vehicle supplies and equipment, such as gas, oil, water, tires, lights, and brakes, to ensure that vehicles are in proper working condition. Reported any mechanical problems encountered with vehicles. Reported vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicles. Maintained logs of working hours and of vehicle service and repair status, following applicable state and federal regulations. Managed loading and unloading of students. Maintained safe environment of bus while adhering to schedule. Kept over fifty students at a time under control for as much as a few hours, while arriving to destination in timely manner.



Support Staff/Pastoral Care
His Hands Ministries Fellowship, Inc - New Gretna, NJ - September 2004 to January 2013

Provide counseling and life coaching to single mothers, underprivileged individuals, addicts, and former
homeless parishioners as needed regarding life decisions and overcoming obstacles in daily walk of life to achieve personal, spiritual, career, and life goals. In addition, provide Intelligence for projects and topics by researching quickly to find information as pertinent to sermon or current events. Provide technical support as needed, such as network establishment, audio and video support, sound, and lighting, as well as projector program, troubleshoot personal devices, such as computers, laptops, cell phones, smart phones, tablets, IPad's, and communication devices, as well as integration of network and connected devices. Successfully handled ongoing troubleshooting occasions with technology, resulting in smooth and flowing operations in sound and lighting during services, witnessed the results of life coaching and counseling on the lives of the people who I had been entrusted to counsel.

Bus Driver (Summer Camp)
Manchester Township Bd. of Ed - Manchester, NJ - June 2007 to August 2011

Studio Manager
P.C.A., International - Township of Howell, NJ - June 2004 to December 2006

Retail sales, Maintain scheduled photo sessions with regular clientele, as well as new, walk-in customers, sell new products and services, maintain inventory and scheduling of staff in assigned studio, travel to other regional studios to ensure quality of services, products, and inventory.

Teacher's Assistant
Grace and Peace Infant and Childcare - Toms River, NJ - August 2003 to October 2004

Assist teacher as needed in classroom setting, ages infant through three years of age, Supervise children, grades kindergarten through eighth while in lunchroom, remain on standby during church services, for the purpose of emergency management, providing Emergency Medical Services as necessary, maintain logs of incidents as needed.

School Bus Driver
Flour Bluff Independent School District - Corpus Christi, TX - August 2000 to June 2003

Successfully avoided time delays by carefully planning best routes. Drove multi-stop routes. Checked vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment is in good working order. Inspected and maintained vehicle supplies and equipment, such as gas, oil, water, tires, lights, and brakes, to ensure that vehicles are in proper working condition. Reported any mechanical problems encountered with vehicles. Reported vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicles. Maintained logs of working hours and of vehicle service and repair status, following applicable state and federal regulations. Managed loading and unloading of students. Maintained safe environment of bus while adhering to schedule. Kept seventy two students at under control for as much as a few hours, while arriving to destination in timely manner.

Special Attendant
American Habilitation Services, Llc - Corpus Christi, TX - April 2000 to June 2002

Assist clients with physical and mental disabilities with activities of daily living, instruct clients on learning to do things for themselves, overcoming otherwise crippling obstacles (i.e., how to get dressed with use of one hand, brushing your own teeth while dealing with uncontrollable spasms, mobility and household tasks while confined to a wheelchair, having only limited use of hands and feet, overcoming fears and phobias to tend to daily schedules and otherwise normal daily functioning. Assist and coach clients in daily bathing and dressing, as well as personal hygiene maintenance and its importance, to prevent infections, disease, and so on.

Cashier/Customer Service/Cook/Hostess/Waitress
Various restaurants - August 1990 to June 2002

Filled all positions in the restaurant industry, ranging from high quality, three star, to fast food chains, both front end and in back. Also held managerial roles in the industry.

EDUCATION
Cosmetology
Del Mar College - Corpus Christi, TX 2003
Certificate Medical Assistant
Southern Careers Institute - Corpus Christi, TX 2001
Certificate in Medical Office Specialist I
Southern Careers Institute - Corpus Christi, TX 1998 to 1999
A.S. in Psychology (Not Completed)
Ocean County College - Toms River, NJ

SKILLS
Safe driver training
Critical thinking
Project planning
Effective communication skills
Attention to detail
Vehicle systems maintenance
Effective managerial techniques
Strong communication skills
Safety and sanitation training
Sound decision maker
Defensive driving training
Calm under pressure
Fast thinking
Intuitive people management skills
Executive presentation development
Physician billing
Dependable and reliable Team building
Quality assurance Business correspondence
Excellent phone etiquette
Filing and data archiving
HIPAA compliance
Multi-line phone skills
Classification of Diseases (ICD.9CM)
Salon order processing
Patient scheduling
Desktop and laptop repair
Microsoft Office Suite proficiency
Internal components installation
[60]+ WPM typing skills
Internet setup and repair
Subtle and effective sales skills
Self-starter
Innovative thinker
Spinal immobilization methods
Rapid patient assessments
Catastrophic emergency response training
Safe emergency vehicle driver
Fire response safety training
Charismatic public speaker