Profile
Journal Transitions & Member Services Supervisor with eight years of experience in the academic publishing industry. I am self-motivated and able to work well both on my own initiative and as part of a team. I have a proven ability to take on new projects and deliver strong results, and I am always looking for a new challenge. I have excellent communications, problem-solving and time-management skills and I am dedicated to maintaining high quality standards in all the work I perform and oversee.
Major Achievements
? Creation and ownership of departmental SharePoint site, comprising 17 sub-sites, 362 illustrated procedures, comprehensive FAQ pages, monthly quality reports and all departmental statistics. All site pages and procedures are written and updated by me. 
? Successful transition of 24 established journals and launch of 12 new journals in a single year.
? Management and training of an offshore team of 9 people based in Manila; this has included delivery of all departmental outsourcing initiatives over the past 4 years.

Professional Experience

Oxford University Press

Transitions & Member Services Supervisor (2012 - present)
? Act as department representative in all journals transition and launch projects, including:
o Set-up of new titles in our subscriptions, invoicing and access-control systems
o Interpretation and transition of customer data from the previous publisher into our systems, completed accurately and promptly to minimise service interruptions and maximise revenue through traditional subscriptions and migrated consortia subscriptions.
o Any project work required to enable OUP to provide seamless service for newly acquired titles, including changes to website functionality, online access settings, invoicing, and society member processing.
? Develop and maintain relations with societies and publishers to ensure stakeholders are kept fully informed and that channels of communication are in place to support the delivery of business objectives.
? Supervise the day to day activities for the Member Services Team, monitor workloads, prioritise and delegate work, take ownership of complex or sensitive issues.
? Oversee all distribution processes (detailed in previous role, below).

Outsourcing & Distribution Supervisor (2010-2012)
? Supervise the outsourcing partner and the Distribution Coordinator to ensure that all work-streams are processed according to agreed service level and quality standards.
? Oversee all distribution processes, including creation of mailing labels, supplementary issue set-up, stock receipt and adjustment, and the annual stock-wasting process to ensure that issues are mailed out on schedule, and that departmental inventory is always in sync with the physical stock held in our warehouses.
? Project-manage all customer service outsourcing initiatives through to completion, including delivery of on-site training and documentation, to ensure that the customer experience is impacted on positively by the outsourcing of a process. 
? Act as Key User for the processes handled by the outsourcing partner, ensuring full support is provided with regard to issue resolution, testing, training and communication.
? Maintain and circulate statistics monitoring the performance of the outsourcing partner and distributors to ensure key stakeholders are kept informed about service level performance.

Journals Customer Service Executive (2008 - 2010)
? Locate customer order information and resolve queries using Advantage computing system and the eRights access control system. 
? Act as Key-User/IT Trainer to provide training to team members and keep team up-to-date with all new procedures. 
? Liaise with IT department on behalf of Customer Services and reports queries & updates to the team.
? Responsible for author invoicing, including raising, crediting and amending invoices using Exchequer and Advantage software, answering author queries and communicating with Production and Credit Management departments to ensure invoices are raised and paid in a timely fashion. 
  
Journals Production Assistant (2007)
? Check revised manuscripts for proofing errors, 
? Book manuscripts into departmental tracking system 
? Communicate with authors/editors to ensure queries are resolved promptly and manuscripts are published according to schedules
? Scanning, filing, and other duties as assigned. 

Presbyterian HealthCare Services (NM, USA)

Medical Records Clerk (2006)
? Locate and cross-reference patient information on company software
? Data entry, scanning, filing, file purging, sorting, boxing, labelling and other duties as assigned. 
Athena Artuso
· · ·

Professional Experience • 2

