

Education1987, Rowan University               Glassboro, N.J.  
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology degree

2010, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey           Camden, N.J.
Master  in Social Work degreeProfessional ExperienceOctober 2009 to  : Supervising  Community Program Specialist
Administration of Regional Family Support program, including oversight of Corporate Respite Budget. Supervision and analysis of forty-five Family Support contracts. Administration and financial oversight of Interim Emergency Funding, and Home and Vehicle Modification programs for consumers residing in their own home.  Supervision, training, and development of job responsibilities for nine staff.
November 2003 to  April 2008: Administrative Analyst 2
Administration of the DDD Community Care Waiver Federal Medicaid Program for DDD Southern regional office. Medicaid liaison and supervision of all aspects of the Medicaid program in DDD Southern region. Development of tracking systems and procedures for the CCW. Analysis and interpretation of DDD and Medicaid databases to enable maximum revenue generation. Supervision, training, and development of job responsibilities for Benefit Specialist and Fiscal AA4. 
August 2001 to  November 2003 and April 2008 to October 2009: Principal Community Program Specialist
Administration, evaluation and analysis of SRO Burlington County Family Support Programs, including evaluation and implementation of respite program budgets. Supervision and implementation of SRO Assistive Device program, including the budget allocated for it. Supervision of SRO Purchase in Care Program. SRO/PIC contract analysis and review. Development of Division Procedures for SRO. HIPPA liaison. Supervision of a staff of eight. 
September 1987 to August 2001: Senior Community Program Specialist
DiEvaluation, development, and application of digital Cash Subsidy Program for three SRO counties.  Liaison between clients and community services. Ensure compliance with various state agency standards. Conduct crisis investigations. Assumed Family Support Coordinator responsibilities.  Committee member for development of Division Circular 52.


