




Sunderland Royal Hospital, Pharmacy Assistant, July 2013 to Present
This role involves working under sterile conditions in a Pharmacy Manufacturing unit that produces chemotherapy and other medications. My role here involves being responsible for the maintaining stock levels, sterilization and environmental monitoring. I am responsible for producing reports on production levels and for environmental monitoring. I am responsible for charging orders to other hospital departments and trusts; ensuring stock is correctly stored and dispensed. This role involves working as part of a team, understanding confidentiality, excellent communication skills and a high level of computer skills.


Sunderland Royal Hospital, Medical Records Clerical Officer, December 2012 - July 2013
For this role I was involved in processing medical records, and organizing outpatient appointments. I was also involved in helping to manage waiting lists to ensure that targets were met and patients were being seen during the government allotted timescales. This required a good understanding of confidentiality, NHS practice, and being able to communicate fully with staff and patients. 


Angard Staffing, Recruitment Consultant, August 2012 - December 2012
This role was in a high volume recruitment post for Royal Mail Christmas staffing needs. My duties were to update and process the management information, ensuring candidates had passed the relevant security and visa checks, and dealing with any queries that arose. This role involved being able to work under pressure, query and complaint resolution, and being able to communicate by email, telephone and face to face. 


Royal Mail PLC, Business Customer Services and Consumer Customer Services, February 2012 to August 2012
This role involved dealing with business customers to support them with any queries surrounding Royal Mail products and services. It involved developing a good product knowledge and communication skills. I also worked on the consumer customer services line, dealing with any queries surrounding inland and international mailing products. This role involved dealing with queries and complaint resolution.

North East Autism Society, HR Administration Support 6th October 2011 to February 2012
This role involves supporting the HR department and other ad-hoc duties within the office. It requires the ability to learn new systems quickly and effectively, and to be able to prioritise my own workload. There is a high level of data entry involved in this post, which requires precision and a high understanding of data confidentiality. I have been processing applications for new roles, arranging interview dates, checking application forms, requesting, checking and following up references, checking CRB applications and updating computer systems with new starter information and payroll details. 

Older Peoples Mental Health Services Northumberland Mental Health Trust
Medical Records and Team Secretary March 2011 to 30th September 2011
This role involves creating a records library for Older Peoples Mental Health Services, which requires a good understanding of Data Protection and the legality of Medical record storage.  I also helped to implement new protocols for prescribing medication, and supported the Head of Memory Services in winning a government tender for Memory Services for older people with cognitive dysfunction in the North East. I also worked as cover for reception duties on the Day Unit, this involves being able to deal with people in vulnerable circumstances, making them feel safe, and dealing with any problems that may arise.  

CAFCASS
Intake Team North and Local Office Business Support April 2010 to March 2011
This role involved high level of data entry, processing applications to courts for children and families. This role requires a good understanding of data protection, confidentiality, also accuracy in processing these applications. As local office support my role includes drafting letters to courts, solicitors and clients, also dealing with solicitors and members of the public, both face to face and over the phone, and providing support to Family Court Advisors. 


Eaga PLC 
Warmfront Grant October 2009 - December 2009
Customer Service Contact
This role involved helping people apply for Warmfront government grants for heating and insulation work. This involved dealing directly with vulnerable members of society, helping them through the application and installation process and resolving any queries they had. This involved a clear understanding of Data Protection issues, and how to communicate effectively, also the use of Oracle software and the internet.


Sunderland Teaching Primary Healthcare Trust (NHS)
Secondary Care Commissioning November 2007 - October 2009
Directorate Secretary
This role involved working closely with the Secondary care commissioning team, which deals with the financial contracts for GP's and hospital services. Duties included; word processing, collating information into PowerPoint displays for conferencing, diary management, typing letters and reports, travel arrangement, and accommodation requests for all management, arranging conferences and events. Also arranging and attending meetings, producing minutes, making sure that all relevant paperwork is ready. This required being able to deal appropriately with private & confidential information, and clerical duties which includes dealing with outstanding patient invoices and queries. This also involves being able to prioritise my workload in conjunction with the needs of the team.

T-Mobile 
Loyalty and Retentions Team July 2007 - November 2007
Loyalty and Retentions Adviser
This role involved working in a specialist upgrades department whose role is to retain customers. Duties included; retaining customers, maintaining an ongoing relationship with them, dealing with cancellation queries and resolving serious complaints, managing escalations and reducing call times, advising on the different aspects of the T-Mobile network and providing excellent customer service. This also required a good working knowledge of computer systems and internet usage.

Department of Works and Pensions
Procurement Team March 2007 - July 2007
Professional and Technical Invoice Reconciliation Clerk
This role involved working as part of the Procurement Team who secured the temporary staff contracts for the DWP. Duties included; checking contractor invoices, ensuring they matched with the rates and times on the purchase order, checking timesheets have been handed in and signed off, chasing and resolving any query invoices, liaising with other staff teams and departments to ensure there were no outstanding issues to be resolved.

Orange PCS
Customer Service October 2005 - January 2007 
Customer Service Operator
This role involved working in a high volume call centre, dealing with technical queries regarding faulty or damaged handsets, using diagnostic software and resolving customer complaints to avoid escalations and to reduce call times, also general customer service calls when business needs required it.

A. Thompson and Sons Builders Merchants
June 2003 - March 2005
Admin/Counter Assistant and Sales
This role involved working in several departments in the company, and duties included; upholding disciplinary procedures, arranging inductions, maintaining personnel files, also purchase and sales ledger including using Viaduct merchant system and Sage. Later I worked closely with the manager of the waste centre, and was responsible for all office administration operations, before moving to the tool hire department, processing hire contracts, and all administration and customer service duties. These included running the department when required, giving quotations, resolving queries, taking sales orders and resolving any complaints. 



Fenn Packaging Ltd
September 1994 - May 2003
Office Administrator
This post involved all customer liaisons on behalf of the sales department, all internal accounting procedures including invoicing, administrating due payments, resolving customer complaints and queries, dealing with company factors (Lloyds TSB), collating accounts, information management of office including prioritising workload and casual staff levels. 
  

K & G Glass
Sales May 1994 - September 1994 
This role involved selling speciality glassware, dealing with customers, cash handling and store close.


Education and Qualifications

Open University
I am currently working towards a BA (Hons) in Humanities, with a specialism in Classical Studies, I have completed my first year with a distinction and a merit pass, I am currently on my second year. 

Bede College
GCSE					Grade
Biology				C
Mathematics 				C
Business Administration NVQ	Pass

Southmoor Secondary School
GCSE					Grade
German (Written)			B
German (Oral)			B
English Literature			C
English Language			C
Dual award Science			D
  


Interests and personal information 
I have previously served as a foreman on a Jury at Durham Crown Court, and love reading, especially science and classic and natural history, music and current affairs. I am an adaptable, practical person and a quick learner who is used to working under pressure and to strict deadlines. I am equally happy working without supervision or as part of a team.





