CURRICULUM VITAE
1. Education:	
Institution
(Date from - Date to)Degree(s) or Diploma(s) obtained:Institute for ZZZ (11/2013)Advanced Diploma on ZZZUniversity of XXX (10/2010-10/2013)Master's Degree in International StudiesUniversity of XXX (10/2007-12/2010)Bachelor's Degree in Political Science and International Relations2. Language skills: Indicate competence on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 - excellent; 5 - basic)
LanguageReadingSpeakingWritingItalian111English111Spanish111French333German5553. Other skills:
Office suites (word processing, spreadsheet, presentations, databases, email): proficient user
Browsers, online research: proficient user
Statistical software for data analysis (Stata, SPSS, R): independent user
CATI/CAWI tools (LimeSurvey, SurveyMonkey, Google Forms, IdWeb): independent user
Content and document management systems (Microsoft SharePoint): proficient user
Photo editing programmes, infographic design tools: proficient user
(X)HTML, CSS: independent user
4. Present position:	Trainee, European Union Agency for ABC
5. Years within the firm:	1
6. Key qualifications:
* Very good communication skills, including report drafting, minute taking, maintaining relations with service providers, contractors and stakeholders, development of charts, tables, presentations and infographics.
* Good organisational and management skills, gained by working as consortium coordinator for EU-funded projects with 4 international partners and by assisting project manager in coordinating project teams of up to 10 people.
* Extensive experience with desk research, including secondary data mapping and analysis.
* Experience with activity and financial reporting for EU-funded projects.
* Experience with the organisation of expert and stakeholder meetings, including but not limited to the preparation of background documents.
* Ability to manage complex procedures with impartiality and transparency and to work with accuracy even under pressure, gained by working for years as a poll clerk and vicepresident of polling stations.
7. Professional experience
Date from - Date toCompany & reference person (name & contact details)PositionDescription11/2014-presentEuropean Union Agency for ABCTraineeAssist in the development of two different surveys, including desk research, stakeholder consultation, development and localisation of the survey tools and overseeing the interviewer training and the implementation of the data collection on the field.
Mapping and secondary analysis of survey data on several topics related to the Agency's activities.
Trend data analysis and drafting of sections for the Agency's Annual Report and other reports.
Support in the work of different research sectors with regard to documentation of work, development of working procedures and information management.
Represent the Agency and disseminate its work at large-scale international events; monitor the implementation of selected projects in EU Member States.09/2014-10/2014Federation of Chambers of Commerce of ZZZInternational Affairs InternDrafting of activity and financial reports for EU-funded projects. Management and coordination of project partners from 4 countries during the closing phase.
Support in the organisation of the delegation to a large-scale international event.
National coordination for a European survey: dissemination to the local Chambers, consolidation and analysis of the results.
Design of presentations and infographics; support and improvements to the company website and to different project webpages.04/2014-08/2014Shipping Company ZZZHR InternManagement of personal records and training certificates of 300+ seafarers of different nationalities.
Drafting and translation of onboard newsletters. Cross-checking of onboard data regarding compliance with (inter)national regulations, charterer requirements and the internal quality management system.01/2013-06/2013 (part time)Political and Social Analysis Lab (University of XXX)CATI InterviewerInterviewing for national and local CATI surveys on political and socio-economic themes.06/2012-04/2013 (part time)University of XXXResearch Assistant, Transworld ProjectMapping and analysis of a comprehensive corpus of quantitative data (public opinion surveys). Presentation of research results at workgroup meetings. Drafting of a working paper as part of the Work Package deliverables.10/2012-01/2013 (part time)University of XXXTeaching Assistant, Chair of International RelationsDelivering lectures on international public opinion data. Drafting annotated bibliographies and other coursework materials. Assisting master's degree students during teamwork activities.01/2012-04/2012Consulate General of XYZ in ZYXIntern, Ministry of Foreign AffairsManagement of the website of the Consulate (updates, content development, user friendliness and discoverability improvements). Assessment of the activities of the Consulate in relation to organisation, transparency and service quality. Development of a user satisfaction questionnaire.


Curriculum vitae



Page 3



Page 2

