
Senior Health and Safety Leader specializing in combining management system needs with field realities.SUMMARY
Risk Assessment H&S Strategy DevelopmentEnterprise  H&S PrioritizationManagement SystemsCommunities of Practice LeadPersonnel DevelopmentInformation SystemsAuditingTechnical ExpertisePROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
2013 - PresentRegional Health Manager,  Big Chemical Co.
* Led Industrial Hygiene, Medical, and Wellness functions for Americas Region.
Major Impacts: Established global IH working group to provide IH input into Management Systems changes, established regional Ergonomics process in response to the impact of soft tissue injuries on regional KPI results, established novel Wellness process driven by benefits experience data, guided the development of medical protocols for acute exposures to chemicals specific to the business.Mar 2013 - 
Dec 2013Senior Consultant,  Big Consulting Co.
* Dedicated resource to Big Technology Co. for establishing Health and Safety Program for Seattle Campus
Major Impact: Introduced H&S Management System approach to the Seattle HQ leading to multi-million dollar savings by establishing self-insurance.2009 - 2013Health Superintendent,  Big Oil Co.
* Led Industrial Hygiene, Medical, and Wellness team for a medium sized refinery.  Led IH response team in the Louisiana zone during really really big spill. 
Major Impact: Brought industrial hygiene program into closer relationship with safety and operations for better permitting process and focus on field issues. Previous PositionsVarious Health and Safety Roles,  Other Big Oil Cos.
Roles have included site individual contributor, Business Unit H&S Leader, Regional and Corporate IH contributor and supervisor.  Details provided upon request.
EDUCATION
MS - Industrial Hygiene and Safety,  University of  Houston - Clear Lake
BS - Geology, Humboldt State University

PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES

Removed - 3 professional committees chairs
OHTA Instructor
Various presentations in regional, national, and international conferences.


Page 2

