Summary
Creative, multi-disciplined operative. Expertise in combining reliability, training and support with maximum uptime. Known for delivering time and cost saving technology solutions. Strong analytical, problem-solving, organizational and communication skills contributing to team successes.

Accomplishments and Experience
Art of War Studios, New York, NY
Infrastructure Technician
? Responsible for Installing, configuring, managing, troubleshooting and repairing all technology, hardware, software, data/voice communications including Windows from legacy 3.1 up to and including Windows 8.1, Windows mobile 6.5 and Windows Server 2008 R2, Exchange Server as well as Mac OS up to 10.5.7, Iphone and Ipad IOS 5.
? Administer all network (LAN/WAN) infrastructures across local and remote sites including user profiles, group policies, and network/local printers.
? Implemented technology strategies for the organization as a whole and for individual business units.
? Responsible for maintenance and troubleshooting of 3d Printers and attached programmable logic controllers (PLC)
? Senior member of a support group whose duties were to provide technical expertise for level 1, 2, & 3 software and hardware support activities. Delivered exceptional field level support addressing all inquiries and escalations, researching and resolving technical issues quickly and effectively
? Maintained knowledge of technological advances pertaining to computer software and hardware including maintaining documentation and licensing.

Transcore, New York, NY
Contract Technician
? Improved coverage of MTA bridge and tunnel toll plazas all over NYC.
? Responsible for installation, troubleshooting and repair of electronic, mechanical and computer hardware and software of a proprietary PLC nature.
? Assisted technical project teams through all phases and activities of the project life-cycle.
? Wrote project status reports, led product demonstrations, and presented design proposals both internally and to clients.
? Responsible for gathering business requirements, writing technical specifications, scoping releases, managing development and release cycles, and coordinating releases with other departments such as Marketing and Quality Assurance.


Acme heating and plumbing, New York, NY
Consultant
? Scope of responsibility was diverse while servicing information technology infrastructure projects coordinating the implementation of product enhancements and the rollout of new products and services for major services organization.
? Serviced all aspects of end users in the field including training and troubleshooting new installations
? Senior member of technical project teams through all phases and activities of the project life-cycle process.

Xerox Corp, Woodbury, NY
Field Technician
? Internationally famous business providing document services to all levels of clientele. Delivered exceptional field level support addressing all inquires and escalations, researching and resolving technical issues quickly and effectively. Communicated risk, tracked and monitored projects, and maintained documentation. Maintained customer hardware and software wellness for new and existing customers that included all facets of the operational life of the equipment. 

Geico Insurance , Woodbury, NY
Consultant
? Reduced support calls 40% by leading firm-wide system upgrade, including installation, hardware/software configuration and end-user training. Distributed core images for desktop/laptop computers. Developed system for deployment of images and image modifications, including configuring levels of access and user groups.
? Implemented information systems security and entitlement requirements and plans; and ensured appropriate product-related training and documentation were developed and made available.
? Created a project environment that enabled peak performance by the entire team.


              Energy Management, LIC, NY
             Andover Controls field technician 
? Complete electrical installation, engineering of new panels, HMI and PLC application development, creating GUI front ends, and commissioning of customers support.
? Discuss with customers during implementation and design of the new complex services, understanding complicated problems resulted in successful issue resolution.
? Helping and consulting with other team members in resolving unusual and complicated problems related to new development, production support and testing.
? Clients included Lenox Hill hospital's dialysis wing, the Ed Sullivan theater, and the All Star Cafe.
          
Verizon Communications, New York, New York
Special Services Field Technician
? Responsible for the installation and repair of special circuits including T1, ISDN, TXNU, DSL, LOTTO/FIRE alarm circuits for CLEC vendors and ILEC 
Training and Certifications
               Queensboro College 1992
               Zekendorf Verizon Training Facility 1999
               FDNY F34 and S95 Certification holder
   CompTia A+
          CompTia Network+









