
Education
B.S. Meteorology
Valparaiso University 
May 2010

M.S. Environmental Studies:
Atmospheric Science
University of 
Massachusetts-Lowell
May 2012

Affiliations
New England 
Environmental Business Council

American Meteorological Society

National Weather Association
-----------------------
Environmental Scientist

Mr. ---- is an environmental scientist with increasing experience in air quality and air pollution projects, acoustic modeling, sound level monitoring, dust monitoring, and odor impact assessment. His background prior to joining Tech Environmental focused on meteorology and air quality, working in academia and within the governmental and private sectors.    

Project Experience - Air Quality and Emission Services 
Allston/Brighton Interchange Improvements Project, Boston, Massachusetts.  Mr. ---- is currently assisting in performing an air quality impact analysis as part of a Federal Environmental Assessment for the Allston/Brighton Interchange Improvements Project in Boston, Massachusetts. He is performing the mesoscale and microscale analysis using the U.S. EPA MOVES emissions model and the CAL3QHC model to assess carbon monoxide (CO) intersection "hot spot" analyses.  GHG emissions modeling will then be completed in order to ensure meeting MassDOT's final GreenDOT Policy goals. The Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs (EOEEA) "Greenhouse Gas Emissions Policy and Protocol" (May 5, 2010; the "Policy") will be used to quantify GHG emissions. The GHG Emissions Policy and Protocol requires quantification of GHG emissions from three sources: direct emissions from on-site stationary sources, indirect emissions from energy generated off-site (electricity), and traffic generated by the Project.  The Project's GHG emissions will include indirect emissions of CO2 from electricity generated off-site and used on-site for lighting, building cooling and ventilation, and the operation of other equipment; and transportation emissions of CO2 from project roadway and rail traffic.

Mayfaire Shopping Center, Attleborough, Massachusetts.  Mr. ---- assisted in performing a greenhouse gas (GHG) study for the proposed Mayfaire Shopping Center in Attleborough.  Using the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA's) Motor Vehicle Emissions Simulator (MOVES) model, he calculated the mesoscale emissions for VOCs and oxides of nitrogen (NOx) for four scenarios: 2015 Existing, 2022 No-Build, 2022 Build, and 2022 Build with Mitigation. The analysis followed the MassDEP guideline for mesoscale analyses. Following this analysis, it was concluded that while the emissions of VOCs and NOx would be larger in the 2022 Build case than in the 2022 No-Build case, there were certain Traffic Demand Management (TDM) strategies that the Project would commit to that would result in reductions in the 2022 Build Case.  In addition to this mesoscale analysis, Mr. ---- performed a GHG analysis for the project, using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model.  The purpose of the GHG analysis was to quantify carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and identify measures to avoid, minimize or mitigate such emissions. This analysis followed the GHG Emissions Policy and Protocol and quantified CO2 emissions for the Base Case and the Mitigation Alternative. It was found that the TDM measures, if incorporated into this project, would reduce motor vehicle CO2 emissions by 2.0%, with a net reduction of total CO2 emissions of 9.4% compared to the Base Case.

Foxwoods Catskills Resort, Liberty, NY. Mr. ---- prepared a microscale analysis using MOVES2010b at each traffic study intersection with a projected level of service equal to D, E, or F where the project added 10% or more traffic volume for Phase I.  Concentrations of carbon monoxide (CO)  were predicted for the Build and No Build alternative for each of the years and were compared to the NAAQS.  Predictions of CO concentrations were made at intersections where the LOS was worse than C.  

Boston Teacher's Union Development, Boston, Massachusetts.  For the new Boston Teacher's Union Development, Mr. ---- helped perform an energy and CO2 emissions GHG Study consistent with the MEPA GHG Policy and Protocol.  The redevelopment of the existing Boston Teacher's Union building on 188 Vernon Street, Dorchester, MA will consist of 56,823 sf, which will have multifunction halls, offices and a credit union bank, along with a 59,845 sf parking garage.  Energy use and CO2 emissions were calculated using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model for two cases: a building code-compliant Base Case, and the Preferred Mitigation Case.  Both direct and indirect emissions were included for energy use by the buildings (fuel and electricity).  Energy efficiency measures (EEMs) included alternatives in the building design, its lighting and mechanical equipment.

Central Square Retail Development, Franklin, Massachusetts.  Mr. ---- is currently performing an energy and CO2 emissions GHG Study consistent with the MEPA GHG Policy and Protocol for the Central Square Retail Development in Franklin, MA.  The redevelopment of the existing area, reveals a concept of 16 buildings containing retail space, a daycare, a restaurant, a convenience store and a 4-bay quick lube facility.  Given that the project will generate more than 6,000 average daily traffic movements, an air quality mesoscale mobile source analysis will be required as part of the GHG study.  He will be performing energy modeling for each of the buildings code-compliant Base Cases and applying mitigation measures using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model, including calculations of cumulative effects.  Both direct and indirect emissions will be included for energy use by the buildings (fuel and electricity).  Energy efficiency measures (EEMs) possibly include alternatives in the building design, its lighting and mechanical equipment.  In addition, Mr. ---- will be using project traffic data and the U.S EPA MOVES model to perform a mesoscale air quality emissions analysis (NOx, VOC, and CO2).

1505 Commonwealth Avenue Boston, Massachusetts.  For the Boston Redevelopment Association's (BRA's) redeveloped 1505 Commonwealth Avenue in Boston, Massachusetts, Mr. ---- assisted in performing an energy and CO2 emissions GHG Study consistent with the MEPA GHG Policy and Protocol.  The project site consisted of the renovation of approximately 59,000 sf of existing office space, along with the construction of an additional 8,000 sf in order to accommodate an 85-unit residential community.   Energy use and CO2 emissions were calculated using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model for two cases: a building code-compliant Base Case, and the Preferred Mitigation Case.  Both direct and indirect emissions were included for energy use by the buildings (fuel and electricity) and associated motor vehicle trips to the site.  Energy efficiency measures (EEMs) included alternatives in the building design, its lighting and mechanical equipment, and transportation to the site.

Thomas Land Development, Taunton, Massachusetts.  Mr. ---- assisted in performing a greenhouse (GHG) emissions analysis of the Thomas Land Development in Taunton, Massachusetts.  The project would consist of an entirely new retail plaza.  In performing the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions analysis for the Thomas Land Development, Mr. ---- used the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model to quantify carbon dioxide emissions and identify measures to avoid, minimize, or mitigate such emissions.  Following the GHG Emissions Policy and Protocol, Mr. ---- quantified emissions from three sources: direct emissions from on-site stationary sources, indirect emission from energy generated off-site, and traffic generated by the project. Energy use and CO2 emissions were detailed for each of the buildings in the project as well as the parking lots and it concluded that the Mitigation Alternative would reduce overall energy use of the project by 15.6% and CO2 emissions by 12.8% as compared to the Base Case.  The project plans to implement Traffic Demand Management (TDM) measures, including, but limited to, locating buildings near transit, bicycle storage, and off peak hour truck deliveries.  These TDMs will reduce project related motor vehicle CO2 emissions by 2.0%.

Beverly Retail Development, Beverly, Massachusetts.  Mr. ----  assisted in performing a  greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions analysis for the Beverly Retail Development, located between Brimball Avenue and Sohier Road in Beverly, Massachusetts, consistent with the EOEEA "Greenhouse Gas Emissions Policy and Protocol" (May 5, 2010; the "Policy") for Expanded ENF.  The project will have five buildings, which total approximately 81,852 square feet (sf) of retail space.  To perform this analysis, Mr. ---- used the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model, and found that the net reduction of CO2 emissions would be higher than the Base Case CO2 emissions.  The results of the GHG analysis revealed that the Mitigation Alternative will reduce overall project energy use (stationary sources) by 22.0% and will reduce CO2 emissions by 21.7%, compared to the Base Case. Traffic Demand Management (TDM) measures for this project will reduce project-related motor vehicle CO2 emissions by 2.0%.  The net reduction of the project's total CO2 emissions (stationary sources plus transportation) is 17.3% compared to the Base Case.

Crown Colony, Quincy, Massachusetts. Mr. ---- assisted in conducting a greenhouse gas (GHG) analysis for the Crown Colony project in Quincy, Massachusetts.  The analysis was conducted to calculate the carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions reductions for eight buildings, which contain approximately 558,902 square feet (sf) of residential and common use space.  The project includes 492 multi-family residential apartments, a clubhouse, a recycling center/maintenance & storage building. The GHG analysis followed the Massachusetts Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs (EOEEA) GHG Policy and Protocol.  Mr. ---- calculated the direct CO2 emissions from the operation of the project buildings using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model.
Lincoln Public Library, Lincoln, MA.  Mr. ---- assisted in performing dust monitoring throughout the construction phases of the Lincoln Public Library.  Dust monitors were set up to monitor the indoor air quality within the library over 8-hour time periods.  The results were then compared to the current OSHA standards for PM2.5 and PM10.
Semi-Annual Carbon Monoxide Monitor Calibration- 470 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, MA.  Mr. ---- performed a semi-annual calibration of four carbon monoxide monitors installed in a parking garage in Boston, MA.  The objective was to ensure the monitors were continuously operating and producing accurate measurements. 
MASCO Quarterly Carbon Monoxide Monitor Calibration- 395 Longwood Avenue, Boston, MA. Mr. ---- performed a calibration of three carbon monoxide monitors installed in a call center and daycare center in Boston, MA.  The objective was to ensure the monitors were operating accurately and responding properly to CO concentrations. 

Nantucket Cottage Hospital, Nantucket, MA.  For the new Nantucket Cottage Hospital, Mr. ---- performed an energy and CO2 emissions GHG Study consistent with the MEPA GHG Policy and Protocol.  Energy use and CO2 emissions were be calculated using the U.S. Department of Energy eQUEST model for two cases: a building code-compliant Base Case, and the Preferred Mitigation Case.  Both direct and indirect emissions were included for energy use by the buildings (fuel and electricity) and associated motor vehicle trips to the site.  Energy efficiency measures (EEMs) included alternatives in the building design, its lighting and mechanical equipment, and transportation to the site.
Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Jersey City, NJ.  Mr. ---- prepared tared quartz filters within the Total Suspended Particulates (TSP) Laboratory for PM10 air quality and source sampling.  In turn, he then received in air filter samples from the clean-up site and performed gravimetric analysis for PM10 collection.

Aggregate Industries Annual Air Monitoring, Peabody Massachusetts. Mr. ---- performs the Aggregate Industries annual air quality compliance monitoring program at their quarry and hot asphalt plant in Peabody, Massachusetts. The objective of each monitoring program is to confirm that the operations comply with occupational and residential exposure standards and National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) as part of their Special Permit with City of Peabody. Samplers and monitors are setup for the collection of volatile organic compounds (VOCs), semi-volatile organic compounds (SVOCs) and particulate matter (PM10) over a three day period at four sampling locations along the perimeter of the site. 

Project Experience - Acoustic Monitoring and Mitigation
BRA Article 80 Expanded PNF- Parcel U Development, Jamaica Plain, MA.  Two 30-minute noise measurements were taken by Mr. ---- near the project site during the late night hours to establish the minimum existing background sound levels at sensitive locations around the project site.  The measurements were then used to establish the existing L90 background sound level to test compliance with the Massachusetts DEP 10-dBA allowable noise regulation for the exterior mechanical equipment at the proposed buildings.

The Broadleaf Residential Community, Manchester, CT.  In order to map out the many noise sources at the nearby industrial operation along the north property line of The Broadleaf Residential Community, Mr. ---- visited the site and took sound measurements near operating equipment.  This data and information was then input to the acoustic modeling software; Cadna-A.  The model simulated the three-dimensional detail of the area and was utilized in a sound mitigation analysis for Broadleaf.

Aggregate Industries (AI), Peabody Quarry, Peabody, MA.  Mr. ---- conducted semi-annual sound compliance monitoring, at the request of the City of Peabody Certificate of Decision Special Permit Application for Aggregate Industries.  He set up long-term sound analyzers at six monitoring locations.  All sound level measurements were made with an ANSI Type 1 real-time sound analyzer that had been calibrated to NIST standards within the previous 12 months and were field-calibrated with an ANSI Type 1 calibrator.  The sound analyzers recorded hourly A-weighted L90 sound levels at each location over a 24-hour period.  Mr. ---- then prepared a compliance monitoring letter report for the period, summarizing all monitoring, wind and operations data in tables and graphs, discussing the results and conclusions.    

Templeton Developmental Center Wind Turbine, Templeton, MA.  Mr. ---- set up a long-term sound monitoring station, along with a 10-m meteorological tower in an open area on the property owned by the Massachusetts Department of Developmental Services (DDS) Templeton Developmental Center in Templeton, MA.  The long-term station operated for 14 continuous days, measuring and recording 10-minute Leq and L90 A-weighted (dBA) sound levels, as well as unweighted octave band levels.  The ambient sound measurement data was summarized in tables along with hub-height (estimated) wind speeds for the 2,016 10-minute periods in the two-weeks.  The L90 levels were graphed by the hub height wind speed and characterized into up to seven wind speed bins, centered on the values 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 m/s.  Following the ASM, the L90 of L90 values in each bin were calculated and a regression line produced fitting those ambient levels as a function of wind speed.

BRA Article 80 Expanded PNF- MHNHS Parcel 25 Development, Boston, MA.  Mr. ---- took noise measurements near the project site during the late night hours to establish the minimum existing background sound levels at sensitive locations around the project site.  The measurements were then used to establish the existing L90 background sound level to test compliance with the Massachusetts DEP 10-dBA allowable noise regulation for the exterior mechanical equipment at the proposed buildings.

Consumers Energy Cross Winds Energy Park, Unionville, MI.  Mr. ---- has performed a wind turbine shadow flicker analysis for the Cross Winds Energy Park in the thumb of Michigan.  In order to identify the turbine of influence, each receptor's shadow flicker was broken down by month, day and time.

Consumers Energy Lake Winds Energy Park, Ludington, MI.  Mr. ---- traveled to/from Ludington, in order to perform short-term sound monitoring for the Lake Winds Energy Park in Ludington, MI.  The objective was to document how low the turbine sound is relative to the background noise for the operating conditions within the site.

Coca Cola Bottling Company United (CCBCU) Sales Center, Chattanooga, TN.  Mr. ---- used the Cadna/R model of meeting events, along with information regarding the interior design of the meeting rooms and calculated reverberation levels and overall Leq sound levels within the meeting rooms.  Based on the modeling results, a determination of the necessary acoustic treatment needed to reduce sound levels in the meeting rooms to achieve NC of 25-30, was provided. 



	Resume

	3



Address:  303 Wyman Street, Suite 295 |  Waltham, MA 02451  |  Phone: 781-890-2220  |  Fax: 781-890-9451  |  Website: www.techenv.com


