SummaryCurrently serves as Title for Company, a regional Field chain headquartered near City.  Field industry experience ranges from independent, regional, and national Field operations.  Areas of expertise include pharmacy workflow, acquisitions, and specialized Field purchasing programs.Relevant Experience Current projects include service platform development, drafting, and other special projects related to retail, long term care, telehealth, centralized processes, adherence programs, and purchasing and distribution. Highlights
* Strong organizational skills,,* Training and development* Written and oral communication skills* Fast learner* Inventory management * Problem solving skills* Employee coaching* Business intelligence * Data analytics
BackgroundTitle, Company; City, ST - Feb 2012 to presentResponsible for identifying and prioritizing development opportunities in within operations, using data to support actionable solutions, and accomplishing projects across multiple departmental teams.   Subject matter expert in 340B program administration, Field workflow/layouts, and specialty Field operations.Title, Company; City, ST - Feb 2002 to Feb 2012Assist in managing all aspects of 50 retail Field  - staff development/training, improvement of key performance measures, new store setup, inventory management and new system/program rollouts. Compile and process payroll for 130 Field weekly.  Worked in Project team, which converted 370 stores. Title, Company; City, ST - 2004-2006Provide administrative support for various departments. Responsibilities include implementation of an improved filing system, assisting visitors, and resolution of day-to-day organizational problems. Title, Company; City, ST - 2002-2004Primary tasks include receiving and completing Field requests, insurance adjudication, register transactions and counting down registers at close. Assisted in annual inventories and record keeping. Affiliations List of professional affiliations. 