
EDUCATION:
2005-2008 Bachelor of Arts: Sociology Degree (Honours)
Nipissing University
 
2002 - 2004 Early Childhood Education Diploma (Dean's Honours)
Algonquin College of Art and Technology

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Dance Instructor P.D Dance School - New Liskeard, Ont. 2000-2011:
Develop and instruct classes depending on level of student's skills and abilities as well as maintaining open communication with parents. Prepare students for various performances and competitions.

Flight Safety Attendant: United Nations (Voyageur Airways)- Abidjan, Ivory Coast. 2008-2010: 
Oversee the safe transportation of United Nations military personnel and dignitaries to their specific duties. Ensure the safety of crew and aircraft through adherence to Transport Canada and company policies. Responsible for conducting pre-flight crew briefings, which includes relating pertinent flight information. Submit all reports related to my flights promptly and accurately and to report any unusual incidents or departures from established procedures.

Liaison Officer: Nipissing University - North Bay Ont. 2008:
Develop and facilitate relationships with potential students of Nipissing University. Prepare and organize presentations to students, parents and guidance councilors based on individual student's interests.  Organizing and learning large amounts of information together with presenting a professional image of Nipissing University, while assisting with the implementation of Nipissing's marketing plan. Finally, the analysis and evaluation of Nipissing University's liaison activity and effectiveness.

Team Leader of Communication Team: LTPB: Health Ontario; Gov. of Canada - North Bay Ont. 2005-2008
Responsible for training, event coordination, scheduling, design, and implementation of communication campaigns and overall management of all team members. Organized and operated an informative anti-smoking campaign aimed at higher education students. Created promotional anti-smoking material, scheduled awareness events and conducted counseling sessions.



COURSES:
The following are a selection of the courses I have completed during my education:
* Practice Teaching at the assist, practice and master levels;
* Observation Skills;
* Child Development;
* Children with Exceptionalities;
* Guiding Children's Behaviour;
* Assessment of Children's Learning;
* Psychology of Learning;
* Creating an Effective Curriculum;
* Families and Community;
* Math and Science for Children;
* Language and Emergent Literacy.
	
AWARDS:
2008		Nipissing University Alumni Association Sociology Award;
2007		First Generation Scholarship;
2006		Millennium Scholarship;
2005		Nipissing University Bursary;
2002 		First Words Training Workshop, First Words of Ontario;
2002		Dean's Honour List, Algonquin College of Applied Art and Technology;
2002		Algonquin College Bursary;
2002		Aim For The Top Scholarship, Government of Canada;
2002		TDSS Graduate Scholarship, Timiskaming District Secondary School;
2002 		English Achievement Award, Timiskaming District Secondary School;
1995 - 2002	Various Dance Competition Awards;
1995 - 2002	Completion of Canadian Dance Teacher's Exams with Honours.


COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT:
End Of Year Show, Paula Davey Dance School New Liskeard, Ont. (02-11);
Dance Educator, Community Summer Camps New Liskeard, Ont. (00-11);
Save Our Society Charity Benefit Concert, Cobalt, Ont. (99-02);
Children's Holiday Party, Wabi Iron & Steel Inc., Haileybury, Ont. (99-02);
Tea and Bazaar, New Liskeard Lioness Club, New Liskeard, Ont. (98-02);    
Opening Ceremonies Ontario Special Olympics, New Liskeard, Ont. (1997).

