CURRICULUM VITAE


Qualification: M.B.B.S., M.S (General Surgery)

Date of Birth: 9th January 1981

Marital status: Married

Permanent address:
                                     



Address for Correspondence : Same as above


Telephone No.:
                             Residen
                

Email :
Nationality: Indian

Medical Council of India Registration:











Educational background:

SSC (STD 10TH) - Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education 82% marks, securing distinction in all subjects and securing a place in state merit list
HSSC (STD 12TH)  -  Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education 72% marks, securing distinction in chemistry and biology.

GRADUATION: Graduated as Bachelor of Medicine & Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS), from M S Ramaiah Medical College, Bangalore, under Rajiv Gandhi University Of Health Sciences in 2005.
First MBBS- 65.4%
Second MBBS- 59%
Final MBBS Part 1- 65.67%
Final MBBS Part 11- 65.77%

POST GRADUATION: MS (General Surgery) from Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College & Hospital, Sawangi (M), Wardha, Maharashtra, India under Datta Meghe Institute of Health Sciences University in 2009. Passed in first attempt.
THESIS: "Evaluation and management of Post-burn Contractures at Rural based hospital" .

Certificate course in Endourology attained at North Point hospital, New Delhi.
Diploma Minimal access Surgery and Fellow Minimal access Surgery from World Laparoscopy Hospital, Gurgaon. (TGO Recognised).
Certificate Course in Upper and Lower Gastrointestinal Endoscopy from Asian Institute of Gastroenterology, Hyderabad

.



EMPLOYMENT AND EXPERIENCE:
One year Compulsory Rotatory Internship in Medicine, General Surgery, Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Paediatrics, Orthopaedics, Psychiatry, Skin & Venereal diseases as a part of MBBS training from M. S. Ramaiah hospital, Bangalore and District hospital, Khandwa. District hospital Khandwa is a 750 bedded hospital. There was a huge turnover of patients, with daily OPD attendance of about 250 patients and about 10,000 indoor admissions annually.

3 years full time Post-Graduate Student [General surgery]: April 2006 to April 2009 (Equivalent to registrar) at Acharya Vinobha Bhave Rural Hospital, Sawangi (Meghe) Wardha. Acharya Vinobha Bhave Rural Hospital is a 1200 bedded hospital. Department of General surgery, headed by the Professor, consisted of 6 surgical units [about 30 beds each] with a unit in-charge of the level of Associate Professor and dealing with a wide spectrum of cases and a huge turnover of patients. Work included ward rounds, on-call duty, specialty clinics and outpatient clinics. We had rotatory postings in Neurosurgery, Urology, Cardiothoracic surgery, Plastic surgery, and Paediatric surgery, Oncosurgery, Surgical Gastroenterology and General Surgery. There was a well-developed postgraduate teaching program with daily case presentations, seminars, case discussions and grand rounds.

Presently working at Prakash hospital, Khandwa as consultant Minimal Access Surgeon with VMO attachment, from May 2009 to present. This involves dealing with medical, Obstetric and surgical emergencies as well as OPD, in-patients and ICU. There are a wide spectrum of clinical cases ranging from infectious illnesses, Motor Vehicular Accidents, Trauma, Blunt Trauma, Acute Abdomen, Cardiac, Respiratory, Cerebrovascular and Obstetric emergencies. There is a huge turnover of patients, with daily OPD attendance of about 100 patients and about 3000 indoor admissions annually. VMO position involves after hours at the hospital with paediatric, medical, surgical, orthopaedic and obstetric emergencies. This is a 1 in 3 on call roster with 1 weekend per month.
As a minimal Access surgeon I am routinely doing level two laparoscopic surgeries like laparoscopic appendectomy, cholocystectomy, hernias and other acute abdomen conditions like twisted ovarian cyst and ruptured ectopic pregnancy.
I am also doing upper and lower gastrointestinal endoscopies, with experience of more than thousand cases.

Medical Licensing Authorities
Karnataka medical council: 72530, dated 25-11-2005
Madhya Pradesh Medical Council: MP-12737 dated 03-01-2012
(Reciprocal Registration)
Publications:
A. Agrawal, S.R. Johrapurkar, S. Shrivastav, P. Gharde, G. Ubeja; Single stage complete excision of large thoracic dumbbell schwanoma by modified posterior approach. Surgical Neurology, Volume 70, Issue 4, Pages 432-436.


Presentations:

PAPER: "Evaluation and management of post burn contractures in a rural set-up". Conference of Association of Rural Surgeons of India (ARSICON) 2008.
POSTER: "A case of Giant Neurofibroma in parotid region in Infant". ARSICON 2008.
PAPER: "Experience with trauma related mortality from a rural centre of Vidharbha region" MASICON 2009.
POSTER: "Jejunogastric intussusceptions, a complication of Gastrojejunostomy". MASICON 2009.  2ND BEST PAPER AWARD.
POSTER: "Vesico-uterine fistula with Vesical calculus - a complication of IUCD insertion" MASICON 2009.
POSTER: "Post-traumatic Tension Pneumocephalus" MASICON 2009.




Awards won:
Secured 2nd Prize for Scientific poster presentation titled "Gastro-jejunal intussusceptions - a rare complication of Gastrojejunostomy" at MASICON 2009, Aurangabad.

Extracurricular activities -
School -
Represented my district twice in 1996 and 1997 in state level science model competition after securing first prize both times in district level competition.
Represented district in state level quiz competition twice in 1996 and 1997 after finishing second and first respectively in district level competition.

College -
Participated in various inter college quiz competitions re-presenting my college.
Participated in various cultural activities in college, winning first prize in English skit in 2002 and 2003.

Sports -
Re-presented my school and college in cricket throughout my tenure.
Was the vice captain of the cricket team which won the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences cricket tournament in 2004 which is played between all colleges under RGUHS.
Also re-presented my school and college in baseball, volleyball and hockey.


Special interest - organizing health camps in Rural areas.
I have organized more than 25 free health camps in the nearby areas over the past 5 years where in we do examination and treatments of the deprived population. Patients amongst these requiring surgeries are admitted in hospital and operated upon. All this is done free of cost for the patients.

Referees -
 Dr Vinay Shahapurkar, Professor, Dept of General Surgery, JNMC, Wardha. Email: dr.shahapurkar@gmail.com, mobile: +919325213542

Dr Suhas Jajoo, McH Plastic Surgery, Prof. Dept of General Surgery, JNMC, Wardha. Email: suhasjajoo@gmail.com, mobile:

Dr Manmit Madan FRACGP 1/14-18, Douglas Rd, Quakers Hill NSW 2763 Ph: 02 98372766
