EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts in Psychology                    2009-2014

University of the Philippines, Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines, 

? College Scholar, 5 Semesters

? General Weighted Average: 1.8943

High School              2005-2009

Statefields School Inc, Bacoor, Cavite, Philippines 

? Team Captain: Mathematics Teacher's Association of the Philippines (MTAP) Annual Math 

Challenge Competiton

AFFILIATIONS

MENSA International                         2009-Present

? Qualified for membership by scoring an IQ score that belongs to the top 2 percent of the 

population on a standardized IQ test

Center for Leadership and Change, Inc.                                                      September 2009-August 2013                     

? Facilitated workshops by working as bridge builders, together with other junior facilitators

QUALIFICATIONS

Communication Skills

? Has exceptional ability in effectively communicating with various groups of people gained 

through participating as junior facilitator or "bridge builder" in the conduct of workshops 

for teens under the Ateneo Professional School's Center for Leadership and Change, Inc 

program called The 7 Habits of Effective Teens based on the bestselling book by Sean Covey

? Presentation skills, having been awarded a citation for being a notable undergraduate 

paper during the December 2013 Psynergy Conference

? Superior writing ability gained from several courses in English writing including creative 

writing, and evidenced by a high-quality research paper that qualified for presentation in 

the Annual Undergraduate Psychology Conference held in Stanford University in the 

United States

? Completed 3 units each of French and Italian

Leadership Skills

? Excellent leadership skills honed through taking lead roles (e.g., in doing analysis of data, 

survey administration, design of research instruments) while working on different school-

related projects that involved interaction with people from diverse backgrounds

? Key roles in workshop and workbook improvement for the 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens 

workshop

Superior Intelligence 

? MENSA member since 2009 

RELEVANT TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE

Bridge Builder                                                              September 2009-August 2013

Center for Leadership and Change, Inc. 

? Facilitated communication between the senior facilitators of the CLCI workshop and the 

workshop participants for the workshop entitled Seven Habits of Highly Effective Teens 

(with license from the International FranklinCovey Learning Institute) 

? Contributed content and creative inputs to improving the Course Workbook used in the 7 

Habits Workshop for Highly Effective Teens (www.franklincovey.ph)

? Redesigned the workshop flow and design, together with the 7 Habits of Highly Effective 

Teens workshop overhaul team

Test Administration                                 November 2012

Department of Psychology, University of the Philippines Diliman, Quezon City

? Administered the psychometric MAPA test, a variant of the 5-factor personality test, on 60+ 

students

Industrial and Organizational Psychology,                      November 2013-March 2014

Department of Psychology, University of the Philippines Diliman, Quezon City

? Completed elective with a grade of 1.25

Practice Teaching                      November 2012, January 2014

Department of Education, University of the Philippines Diliman, Quezon City

? Performed and received feedback on 2-week practice teaching exercises on various topics in 

Math and English, for two Education courses

7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens Workshop                                   August 2009

Center for Leadership and Change, Inc., Makati City

? Completed the workshop version The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens by Sean Covey
