Personal Profile

As a highly motivated, adaptable and articulate individual, I pride myself on my excellent communication skills and ability to work well as part of a team or individually. 
Quick to learn, I enjoy developing my skills and knowledge and strive to go above and beyond in all I do. 
I am comfortable working in a fast-paced, hands-on work environment and am an innovative problem solver. 
Passionate about the digital world, I have recently completed an online Diploma in Digital Marketing, and feel my creative, yet strategic approach in this field has contributed greatly to the success of my blog. 


Work experience 

Blogger - Secretbeautybox
2014 - Present 


Since creating my blog in early 2014, I have grown my readership exponentially, working with brands and creating posts around lifestyle and beauty. I also organise and host local blogger events, contacting businesses to provide prizes and goody bag contents and liaising with other professionals to give speeches and offer workshops. These have been very popular, in part due to the social media promotional strategy I employ to reach bloggers and brands and create a buzz around the event. I am confident in the basics of SEO and content creation, as well as the principles of PPC campaigns. 


Support Worker - Alternative Futures Group 
2009 - Present 

This position aims to support individuals with learning difficulties with their daily lives. 
The responsibilities of this role are varied, dependant on the needs of the individual, but entails assisting assisting them with their personal care routines, looking after their general health and encouraging them to make their own decisions. 
Other responsibilities include managing household monies, and general finances within the house, and more advanced admin such as, rotas, finance records, phone calls and appointments. 
It is imperative that personal records are completed on a daily basis, and all paperwork is up-to-date. 


Transferable Skills
• Maintaining accurate statistical and financial records.
• Monitoring and reviewing employee records.
• Advanced communication skills and conflict management 
• Preparing promotional materials.
• Excellent IT skills. (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Browsers)
• Proactive and able to use initiative when problem solving.
• Advanced admin skills, payroll, holiday entitlement, rotas.
• Organisation and Management support.




Freelance Beauty Therapist
2011 - Present 


Passionate about beauty, I launched my own freelance business as a mobile Beauty Therapist. Using a variety of creative marketing skills, I have created a large, loyal client base and it was this success that encouraged me to further my knowledge, by embarking on an online Digital Marketing Diploma this year. 


Customer Sales Assistant - Somerfield Stores 
2003 - 2007 


This role involved replenishing shelves, making sure all labels were correct, and ensuring offers were up to date. I also worked as a cashier, being responsible for cash transactions, enforcing the Challenge 25 scheme and general customer service. 
I was tasked with assisting customers with any issues they had, and rectifying any complaints made in a diplomatic fashion.  
Due to my hard work and dedication, I was also given Supervisor roles, such as restocking the tills and keeping my colleagues focused and motivated, as a main point of contact. 


Education
2015 | The Shaw Academy
•  Online Diploma in Digital Marketing


2012 | Wirral Metropolitan College
• NVQ 3 Beauty Therapy


2011 | Wirral Metropolitan College
• NVQ 2 Beauty Therapy


2011 | Alternative Futures Group
• NVQ 2 Health and Social Care


2004 - 2008 | University of Chester
• Diploma in Higher Education


2002 - 2004 | Birkenhead Sixth Form College
• A/S:  General Studies - B 
Geography - C
• A-Level: Performing Arts - C, 
Media Studies - D


1997 - 2002 | West Kirby Grammar School for Girls
I achieved 8 GCSEs grades A - C, including English, Maths and Science. 


Further interests
I have recently started to create YouTube videos of my daily life and am passionate about travelling and socialising with friends. 


References available on request.