
Work Experience
Sr Financial Analyst (2012 - present)                                                                                         FireEye
¦ Generate weekly HC report and reconcile against annual hiring plan. Work with HR to resolve any issues. Provide support for HC modeling and related payroll items.
¦ During monthly and quarterly close, maintain close working relationship with accounting group to investigate and analyze large amounts of data - research JEs, reclasses, assist with allocation methodology.
¦ Monitor individual departmental expenses; provide financial analyses, research, and statistical analyses and interpretation of the financial data.
¦ Generate monthly and quarterly presentation slides for CFO and CEO Financial Business Reviews - provide commentary and supporting documentation to explain variances to plan.
¦ Participate in corporate planning functions, such as annual budget planning and mid-quarter financial forecasts, and continue to track and analyze performance of company. Provide consolidation support and work with FP&A budget owners to gather info from individual dept business partners.
¦ Establish and maintain best practices processes as new systems are continuously being implemented. Project Manager for implementation of Adaptive Planning and lead for integration of these systems with various company acquisitions. Continue to provide admin support for users, such as creating custom reports and maintaining current chart of accounts, dept codes, etc.
¦ Work closely with external audit team on an ongoing basis to present updated 3 year annually and quarterly variance analysis of financial statements (balance sheet and P&L statements).
¦ Other ad-hoc reporting and analysis as requested by the CFO to support the CEO and Board of Directors.

Financial Analyst (2009 - 2012)                                                                                                       EMC
¦ Generate ongoing reports and models to support the Sales team, such as Sales HC by lines, productivity model, opex forecast modeling, etc.
¦ Generate reports for month-end and quarter-end close - coordinate with accounting team on JE's, cross-charges, etc; research and provide detailed commentary on variances from actual to forecast.
¦ Support monthly planning and forecast cycles by working with business partners on their budgets and loading forecast into the system.
¦ Generate weekly HC report and analysis to e-staff - manage coordination and reconciliation between each group's finance owners and HR. 
¦ Generate monthly CAPEX report and work closely with accounting team to resolve issues.
¦ Support for VP of Marketing, which includes generating weekly POs status report, quarterly Marketing Spend Analysis Deck, PCard administrator for expenses.
¦ Generate monthly and quarterly decks and financial packages for executive team - opex, capex, HC actual and P&Ls.
¦ Responsible for P&Ls and Gross Margin forecast modeling - consolidate info, such as revenue, bookings, COGS, etc and load forecast into system.
¦ Other ad-hoc reporting and analysis to support business partners and corporate requests.

Revenue/Sales Accountant (2007-2009)                                                                                         EMC
¦ Primary commissions administrator and contact for Sales organization.
¦ Successfully implemented Xactly Incent as the project team lead and primary administrator; managed necessary system requirements (writing rules, building plans, processing payments, etc)
¦ Work closely with Sales and Orders Admin teams to reconcile Salesforce with SAP orders and research issues for monthly commissions.
¦ Liaison for Sales and HR teams - ensure employee info and compensation are accurate between the teams for comp plan distribution.
¦ Review and release sales orders for customer billing to ensure timely invoicing. 
¦ Generate regular Sales Ops reports, such as bookings to quota achievement, payments earned per Sales rep, team performance reports, etc.
¦ Other ad-hoc reporting to support revenue, commissions, and FP&A.

Other Related Work Experience:
¦ FP&A Intern at HP / Mercury Interactive
¦ Accountant/Receptionist Intern at ZL Technologies
Systems Knowledge
SAP, SAP BPC, Oracle, Oracle BI, Netsuite, Hyperion Essbase, Salesforce, Peoplesoft, Workday, Excel, Word, PowerPoint and other Windows-based programs, Xactly Incent - a sales compensation automation tool, Adaptive Planning - an FP&A Planning toolEducation
Santa Clara University - MBA, Finance and International Business (2012 Graduate)
San Jose State University - BS, Corporate Financial Management 
Queensland University of Technology, Australia - Study Abroad Program
