
Profile
I am a confident and hard-working graduate with both extensive office-based and customer-facing experience. I am a conscientious individual who works effectively both as part of a team and as a self-motivated individual. I am organised, a quick-learner, and have excellent communication skills.
Education
University of Cambridge, 2009
BA History Hons Cantab - 2.i

Grammar School for Girls, 2006
A-Levels						AS-Levels
            History - A					              English Literature - A
Geography - A				              Philosophy - A
Government & Politics - A

Grammar School for Girls, 2004
GCSEs: 
	English Literature - A*				Geography - A*
	English Language - A*				Religious Studies - A*
	Mathematics - A					Information Technology - A*
	Double Award Science - AA				Food Technology - A*
	History - A*						French - A

	
Employment History


Team Secretary and Personal Assistant to Partners & Associates, Residential Development, May 2012- present 
 Excellent organizational skills enable me to successfully manage the diaries of two Partners and two Associates within the New Homes Department.
 Invoice clients and chase payments if necessary in order to reach monthly fee targets.
 Liaise with team members in order to update monthly New Homes Property List with up-to-date information and send to all London-based fee-earners for marketing purposes.
 Responsible for the creation of the monthly New Homes Marketing Emailer and compiling the list of recipients from our applicant database.
 Keep property records on RPS up-to-date and manage which properties are advertised and how they are marketed on the Knight Frank website and other property portals
 Communicate effectively with clients and applicants on the telephone, via e-mail and in person.
 Research the local market and scheme comparables for reports, pitch documents and pricing exercises. 
 Produce weekly reports for clients
 Create and maintain databases for each development
 Create Memorandum of Sales and liaise with solicitors to see sale through from reservation to completion
 Responsible for best practice procedures - amending and issuing term's of business, and carrying out money laundering checks and chasing property misdescriptions act disclaimer forms from clients
 Help at development launches
 Represent Residential Development on RPS committee



Property Search Assistant and Personal Assistant to the Director, Property Search, July 2010 - present
Property Search Management
 Managed client property searches which involved communicating directly with clients, liaising with other property professionals and making well-informed and well-researched recommendations.
 Required excellent organisational skills in order to keep a multi-faceted search moving along quickly in a controlled manner. 
 Communicated frequently with clients and keep them informed whilst managing their expectations; I am polite professional and firm.
 Decisions about which properties are correct for the search and which are not required me to exercise good judgment and make a decision, often in time critical situations.
 Co-ordinated large scale off-market searches which involved approaching members of the public directly to try and convince them to sell their houses with the incentive of avoiding estate agents' fees.
 Undertook market research about house and rental prices in search areas to ensure clients purchased houses at the best possible price and/or with a good level of rental yield.
 Confidentiality and discretion were key to the service I provided because many of my clients were high net-worth individuals, with security and privacy concerns.

Personal Assistance and Administration
 Ran day to day administration in the office including filing, stationary orders and time-sheets for personnel and clients.
 Updated client accounts and kept clients informed about the progress of their searches via telephone, email and formal letter. 
 General day to day book keeping such as keeping track of incoming invoices and paid invoices and balancing client accounts and expenses at the end of each month.
 Organised and planned Managing Director's client and viewing schedule making amendments when necessary as the day changed. 
 Supervised an office assistant to ensure their work is at an appropriate standard and gave them further tasks to undertake when necessary.

Waitress, Mitchells & Butlers, April - July 2010
 Ran a section in the restaurant of 30 covers. 
 Required significant organizational skills.
 Interacted with customers being both friendly and professional to ensure the correct order was taken and delivered.
 Worked in a team with both the front of house staff and the chefs in the back of house. 
 Trusted to take payment on bills and manage my own tips. 

Summer Reading Scheme Co-Ordinator,  Bexley Council, June-September, 2005-2009
 Ran weekly reading sessions for local children who were usually from deprived families and under-performing schools. 
 Encourage them to read and helped them with words and concepts with which they were unfamiliar.
 Had to recognise the children who had chosen books above their standard and help them to choose more appropriate texts. 
 Responsible for the general administration related to the scheme, including managing the stock, keeping records of the children who had joined and the progress they made.

Part-Time Customer Advisor, Bexley Council, October 2004 - October 2006
 Helped customers find books and made recommendations based on what they required. 
 Ran the check-out desk, checking books in and out and administering fines and shelving stock.
 Developed a friendly but firm manner with customers. 
 Divided my time between the adult and children's library which enabled me to feel comfortable in speaking to and working with a variety of different people.

Activities

Bar Finance Committee, June 2008-June 2009
 Volunteered to help run the College Bar which was n the verge of closure.
 Collected the takings from the night before and calculated the profit or loss from the evening.

Freshers' Committee, October 2007 and October 2008
 Helped to run and coordinate the freshers' activities.
 In 2008 organised, planned and ran the non-alcoholic events including a Cambridge treasure hunt and art activities, which proved to be enormously popular compared to previous years.

Art Society Co-President, June 2007-June 2008
 Organised the weekly Art Society meetings and planned the weekly artistic event.
 Promoted the weekly meetings.
 Organised a College-wide art show and competition inviting judges and gaining sponsorship from local businesses for prizes.

Interests and Skills

Skills
 Computing - Proficient in Microsoft Office
 Driving - Full, clean driving licence

Interests
I enjoy reading novels and historical non-fiction. In my spare time I like to visit museums and art galleries and enjoy trips to the cinema. I played netball for the College Seconds at University and I maintain a recreational participation in sport including swimming and tennis. I am currently teaching myself Yoruba.

References

Available on request
