NAME	Curriculum VitaeEmail:	; Ph: Phone (cell);Highlights* Educated and mentored high school, undergraduates, and graduate students in research and in scholarly endeavors. Familiar with Moodle, Blackboard and Webassign. Experienced physical organic chemist and spectroscopist: steady-state, time resolved emission, and transient absorption, actinometry, quantum yield measurements, temperature dependent NMR, stopped flow kinetics and time-resolved mass spectroscopy. Organic and inorganic synthetic techniques. Emphasizes safety in the laboratory Education* Post-doctoral Scholar - North Carolina State University, Raleigh, North Carolina - Advisor Prof. F. N. Castellano - Exploration of highly stable photocatalytic materials using organic and organometallic chromophores	Present* Post-doctoral Scholar - Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, Ohio - Advisor Prof. F. N. Castellano - Exploration of upconversion through triplet-triplet annihilation in supramolecular motifs	Sept. 2012 - July 2013* PhD. Organic Chemistry - North Dakota State University, Fargo, North Dakota - Advisor Prof. J. Sivaguru - "From nanocontainer to nanocatalyst: mechanistic studies of [2+2] Photodimerization of coumarin derivatives within cucurbit[8]uril" (Defended Aug. 2012 - Completed Aug. 2013)	 Aug. 2007 - Aug. 2013* B.A. Chemistry - Minnesota State University Moorhead, Moorhead, Minnesota 	Aug. 2001 - May 2006Teaching ExperienceCertificate in Teaching Techniques	Aug. 2013 -- Aug. 2015	North Carolina State University workshop series for graduate students, post-docs and faculty to develop, better teaching practices through various pedagogical approaches and developing stronger curriculum. Topics such as using technology, and trying different classroom models to improve learning technique were also included.GraSUS Fellow	Jan. 2010 - June 2010	Collaborated with local high school chemistry teachers to develop new curriculum that promotes engagement and understanding of the material. Engaged students with current chemistry advancements through demonstrations, discussions and technology. This was an NSF funded project from 2004-2009 that was continued through financial support from the university and local schools. Teaching Assistant		Aug. 2007 - Jan. 2010	Conducted undergraduate chemistry labs teaching good lab technique and critical thinking skills for general chemistry, organic chemistry and analytical chemistry. High School Chemistry Teacher	Jan. 2007 - June 2007	Taught fundamentals of chemistry to 10th through 12th grade students at Shanley High School in Fargo, ND* Engaged students in the basics of chemistry through lecture.* Reinforced ideas using lab work for hands on relationship with chemistry concepts.* Eleven students received college credit through North Dakota's Dual Credit programResearch Experience* Post-doctoral research: Investigating photo-stable organometallic and organic chromophores for photocatalytic activity. Development of supramolecular motifs to study photo upconversion in various matrices. Research involves both organic and inorganic materials to achieve efficient triplet-triplet annihilation of acceptor molecules for photo-upconversion. Matrix motifs include silica, micelles, and polymers.* Doctoral research: Mechanistic studies of host-guest photoreactions: Investigated the effects of confined cucurbut[8]uril (CB[8]) nanocavities on 2+2 photodimerization reaction of coumarin derivatives in a dynamic host-guest relationship. Investigated the mechanisms of photocatalysis for 6-methylcoumarin dimerization in CB[8]Collaborative Efforts1. Time resolved electron pair resonance of nanoconfined CB[8]:coumarin complexes with M. Forbes Group University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina, USA2. Phosphorescence spectra and lifetime measurements of poly-aromatic compounds with R. Rathore group Marquette University, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA3. Triplet-triplet lifetime measurements and quenching studies of CB[8]:coumarin host-guest complexes with Turro group, Columbia University, New York, New York, USA4. Complexation studies of photoactive ruthenium sulfoxide compounds in CB[7] with Rack Group, University of Ohio, Athens,  Ohio, USA5. Transient kinetic stopped flow measurements of CB[8]:coumarin host-guest complexes with C. Bohne Group, University of Victoria, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada6. Ion-trap mass spectroscopic studies of CB[8]:coumarin host-guest complexes and photoproducts with J.P. Da Silva group, University of Algarve, Faro, Portugal7. Triplet-triplet annihilation of water soluble donors and acceptors with W. Weare Group, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, North CarolinaPublications1. Name, Title Journal Date2. Name, Title Journal Date3. Name, Title Journal Date4. Name, Title Journal Date5. Name, Title Journal Date6. Name, Title Journal Date7. Name, Title Journal Date8. Name, Title Journal DateNotable Citations1. Citation Name, Title Journal Date2. Citation Name, Title Journal DateAwards - Honors - Workshops* 2015 - Workshop* 2013 - 2015: Workshop* 2010 - 2012: Award* 2011: Workshop* 2010: Award* 2004 - 2005: AwardResearch Proposals Submitted as a Graduate Student (Not Funded)National Science Foundation - Graduate Student Fellowship (NSF-GRFP): Applied for NSF-GRFP in 2008-2009. Title: Controlling Phototransformations In Water Soluble Nano-cavities (proposal No. 1000080525). (Rating: Reviewer 1: Excellent; Reviewer 2: Good).Professional Organizations and Affiliations* Reviewer of Journal of Photochemical and Photobiology A: Chemistry	2013 - Present* Reviewer of Journal of Molecular Liquids	2013 - Present* Member of American Chemical Society	2004 - Present* President of Chemistry and Biochemistry Graduate Student Association	2009 - 2011o Improving the communication, camaraderie and career advancement of graduate students and post-doctors in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry.* ARC "Buddy" for ARC of Cass Clay	2004 - 2007o Volunteered and mentored people with disabilities in the community through an United Way program* President of Chemistry Club Minnesota State University Moorhead	2004 - 2005o Organized chemistry club meetings, and student outreach. Delegated responsibilities to other members. * Student Advisor Committee to the Dean of Social and Natural Sciences	2004 - 2005o The committee advised the Dean on the transition of credits hours for classes, and graduate requirements. Citizenship       2 of 3