




Profile
An enthusiastic and organised individual. I enjoy working in a team and am equally as capable of working on my own. I thrive challenging situations as these enable me to develop and learn new skills. 


Qualifications
Academic institution- ??
Start date -  ??
Subject studied - History and Politics with a year abroad
Grade achieved - 2:1

Academic institution - ??
Start date - ??
Subjects studied - History, History of Art, Philosophy
Grades achieved - History B, History of Art A, Philosophy A

Academic institution -
Start date - Sept 2001 / Finish date - June 2006
Grades achieved -English Literature A, English Language A, Maths B, Double Science AA as well as 1 A*, 3 A's, 1 B, 1 C

Work history
Card shop - Start date: Sept 2008 End date: August 2009
Position: Retail Assistant

Academic Institution - Start date: August 2013 End date: February 2014 
Position: Library Intern

Academic Insitution - Start date: April 2014 End date: August 2014
Position: Student Records and Operations Administrator 

Academic Institution - Start date: September 2014 End date: ongoing
Position: Graduate Trainee

Key Skills
Communication
I have the ability to communicate to a wide audience and developed this capability both in academia and through employment. Working in retail meant I was constantly dealing with customer queries both face to face and over the phone. At university I continued to develop this skill through my involvement in societies, for example I assisted with raising awareness of the newly formed Palestinian Solidarity Society by distributing leaflets and encouraging people to join the society. My recent internship has developed my communication skills as I have been communicating with a wider audience than I had previously been accustomed to; including senior management and academics.


Teamwork
Excellent team player, I can take on both a supportive and leading role depending on the requirement of the situation. Proven in my gap year employment and in extra-curricular activities, including the 'RAG Runaway' a charity event held by the university. Teamwork was vital not only to raise money but to ensure morale with high as we hitchhiked across Europe. 

Planning and Organisational
I have strong organisational skills which have been proven through the prioritising and careful planning of my university workload to ensure all deadlines are met. The ability to multi-task and factor in any potential problems ensured deadlines were easily met. These skills have been particularly invaluable during my internship as I have been given projects to work on independently with tight deadlines. To complete these on time I had to work accurately and with attention to detail. 

IT
I have recently been able to greatly develop my IT skills. I am confident in using Microsoft Office programmes, especially Word, Excel and Outlook. I also have experience using the integrated management system, Workflows, and have recently had training in how to build websites using Plone. I had not previously thought of myself as particularly IT-minded but my internship taught me to have confidence in my abilities to quickly understand new software programmes.

Positions of responsibility
I was in charge of two projects during my library internship at including; promoting Special Collections through social media and creating finding aids for the University Archives. 

Interests
I am keenly interested in current events which led to my involvement in the Palestinian society. In the past year I have started learning British Sign Language and joined a Samba band which included performing at many events.







