
Employment History


Sept 2014 - Present





























Jan 2013- Sept  2014   



















June 2012-Present  
(12 month Contract)













November 2011- May 2012

Pre Press Operator - 
Duties include pre-pressing, art working and designing material for print, bespoke and large format.  I sett up artwork for Indigo Press, Xerox 770 and 700, HP Plotters, Roland, Arizona and Zund and any out sourced prints.

Pre Press include checking all artwork, ensuring documents are suitable for print, by checking colours, font files dimension, page counts. Imposing and preparing documents for a range of print outcome. It's essential that I prepare the work to reduce the time spent on jobs by the print and finishing team. I will artwork and prepare documents for a range outcomes such as wire binds, fliers, brochures, D Ring folders, wallet folders, stud bind, saddle stitch, softback and hard back perfect bind books, tabbed dividers, pop up banners, wedding stationary and a range of bespoke outcomes
Design duties include supporting the senior designer and managing my own design jobs, bespoke tender jobs and illustrations. This can include designing for a range of print and online outcomes.  I also design tender artwork and presentation boxes, which involve creating artwork to wrap around boxes, custom foam cut outs and complex cut paths, whit ink overprint and any bespoke requirements. 
Time management, a precise filing systems and communication is important. I have developed new templates and processes to speed up work whilst ensuring ensure consistency.  I also have to unofficially manage  people through the varies bespoke projects. 
The branch supports all smaller branches in the North West. As a result, I design and set up work for their offices, supporting them on any issues with the design software's, providing guidance and education.



Designer/ Reprographic and Learning Technologist.

Processed high level of varied reprographic work within tight deadlines and to a high standard. Design and production of posters, flyers, large banners and book/ school material. Creation of original artwork, illustrations and page layouts for booklet to be printed on site. Airbrush and manipulated images and photographs. Used basic knowledge of html to prepare images for web and supported the web mistress.  Volunteered to assist teaching students with Photoshop skills as well as support the after school arts club. 
Produced and edited videos for the school using After Effects and Adobe Premiere. The role required strong organizational skills. The department consisted of myself and two other staff members. We serviced the needs of 200 teachers 70 support staff and the demands of over 1600 students.


Digital Print Specialist, Pre Press and  Graphic Design
Printing and design of documents to AstraZenica brand guidelines. This includes typing content, designing work; imposing the document and printing myself.  I dealt large format poster, banners and displays, booklets, material, promotional work and some photography.  I also checked the documents, the quality of the printout and ensure work is completed on time.


Reprographic Officer. 
To perform a reprographic role, working within a tight deadline. This includes scanning large format plans, printing content for cases, and dealing with printing artwork
I produced and edited content for presentations in Power Point, Word, Publisher and Acrobat Pro as well as Excel. I have created and edited content in each software.
I scanned large and very old documents on an OCE scanner for archive, document bible sand current legal cases.. I will scan the documents, edit and optimize them to keep the file size small, the quality 
The role required clear communication with fee earners, trainees to partners and UK head of departments.  I advised them on their requirements and turnaround times  I advised the NW head of Facilities on emailing newsletters, demonstrating how she can chop up an image and email clients through HTML emails.
June 2011-30th September

August 2009 - August 2010Administrator, Reprographics and Design - Parrs Wood high School
Processed high level of varied reprographic work within tight deadlines and to a high standard. Design and production of posters, flyers, large banners and book/ school material. Creation of original artwork, illustrations and page layouts for booklet to be printed on site. Airbrush and manipulated images and photographs. Used basic knowledge of html to prepare images for web and supported the web mistress.  Volunteered to assist teaching students with Photoshop skills as well as support the after school arts club. 
Produced and edited videos for the school using After Effects and Adobe Premiere. The role required strong organizational skills. The department consisted of myself and two other staff members. We serviced the needs of 200 teachers 70 support staff and the demands of over 1600 students.
Dec 2008 - May 2009Bank Clerk - Co-Op BankJuly 2007 - September  2007
Clerical Staff - Brook Medical StaffJuly 2006 - Sep 2006Manual Labourer
2004 - 2005Kitchen Porter/Cook

Education

Sep 2010 - Jul 2011
The University of Derby 
Qualification: Professional Graduate Diploma in Teaching for the Lifelong Learning sector PGDTLL 
PTLL 

This training course developed my experience of both people management and self organisation, group organization, research and planning and time management as a whole. I have been responsible for the planning and delivery of course material on a daily basis to students. I used my advanced skills in word, Excel and Powerpoint to create content and track student progress. I used my creative skills to produce visual guides, book and videos for software training purposes.
 
I have further improved my aptitude in the delivery and receipt of constructive criticism and assisting students in their studies and development through the use of ILP's (individual learning plans). It has allowed for constant feedback, development. Planning and direct where they should focus their attention.

I developed the skills needed think of innovative approaches.  I successfully combined Facebook and the Colleges VLE to support my classes. It brought the students together and allowed the learning to continue outside of the classroom.
         Sep 2005 - Jul 2008
Swansea Metropolitan University 
Qualification: BA (Hons) General Illustration (2.1) 
Sep 2004 - July2005Newcastle Under Lyme Art College
Qualifications: Foundation Art Course (Merit)
Sept 2002- July 2004Fenton Sixth Form College
Qualifications: A Levels in Fine Art (A), Design & Technology (A) and AS levels in Graphic Art (A), Psychology (B)

Interests

Outside of work I enjoy creative pursuits such as painting, reading fantasy fiction and visiting galleries. I also like to go swimming and take part in outdoor activities such as camping and hiking OCR's such as JCB Mud Run, Tough Mudder and  Bog Commander etc. 
I like to brew my own beer and have recently starting on full mash recipes. 
I donate blood on a regular basis. I travelled to interesting places.  Achieved my Gold Duke of Edinburgh award and working on my ML award.


