      Curriculum Vita 
Email Address 
Home phone 
Mobile 

Personal Profile
 I am extremely keen to put into practice the skills I have learnt over the years and to be given an opportunity to show my potential. I am passionate about the welfare of others as shown by the choice of degree I possess. I am able to work well with others within group work or one to one basis as this was a key role within my degree, as well as handling sensitive issues of others. I am very capable of handling vast amounts of work and cope well under pressure thanks to previous experiences and would love a challenging job. 

Personal interests and hobbies of mine are: reading, baking/cooking, travelling, paragliding, snorkelling and swimming. 

I also hold a full clean UK driving license since 2007 and own my own vehicle which can be used for work and any travelling required for a job position. 

Education and qualifications
GCSE 
Balderstone Technology College 2005 
Subject Grade 
Art                                    A 
English Language           B 
English Literature          B 
French                             C 
Graphics                          C 
History                             B 
Mathematics                  C 
Science                            B 

A levels 
Oldham sixth form 2007 
Subject Grade 
English Language and Literature     C 
History 			         C 
Psychology 			         C 
Spanish                                         NVQ 1,2 
I.T                                                    NVQ 2
Bachelor of Science with honours Degree 2010 
Salford University 
Course and Grade Psychology and Counselling Studies BSc Upper second class with Honours 
( 2 : 1 ) with Graduate Basis for chartered membership of the British Psychological Society. 

Experience gained through degree- Through completing a degree, I have gained a vast amount of skills and knowledge which are applicable to this job. My oral presentations, communication and writing skills are of a high-quality standard thanks to my degree and employment. I am of course highly computer literate as this was necessary for completion of all assignments, and independent learning at university. For my final year dissertation data collection and analysis were performed using questionnaires and SPSS software was used to analyse information gathered by performing scientific calculations. Therefore throughout my entire degree a vast amount of knowledge has been gained in both qualitative and quantitative research methods. I believe having counselling training alongside psychology gives me an advantage within communicating and listening skills, teaching me the importance of being sensitive towards personal issues of others and the appropriate handling and confidentiality. 

Work Experience
Employer: St. Peters CE Primary and Nursery school
Time of Employment: March 2014 - January 2015
Position: SEN Level 2 Teaching Assistant
      Experience gained: worked with a special needs child with autism as a one to one assistant for 15 hours a week. Supported groups of children of all abilities both outside and in the classroom, ran intervention groups for SPAG, mathematics and science. Planned and evaluated one to one sessions for several children with various needs and abilities across years 3 and 4. Worked predominantly in year 3 and year 4 and occasionally would cover staff within EYFS or for school trips. Also ran a vocabulary group for children (across all key stages) specifically selected by the schools speech and language therapist .Ran the after school cooking  and dance clubs for all key stages as well as assisting the breakfast club  for nursery up to year 6 pupils. Led guided reading sessions, both group and individual readers for year 4.

Employer -Harvey Nichols Manchester and Trafford Centre pop up shop
Time of Employment -May 2007 till May 2014
      Position- Sales Assistant Duties - Cashier, Waitressing, preparation of food/drinks, cashing up tills, telephone enquiries and orders, stock take and replenishment, handling complaints effectively. Responsibility of running cafe and wine bars at food events such as 'dig the city' and the Manchester food and drink festival. Opened and prepared Trafford centre HN Christmas pop up shop and shutdown, duties included placement and organisation of stock, IBTs and stock taking. 
      Experience Gained- Working effectively as part of a team and using my own initiative enabling the company to let me work independently on projects outside of the company. Keeping calm under pressure and handling situations well and appropriately. Ensuring daily targets where met and effective communication as a team member.
      Voluntary Work Experience

Company: Beanstalk Charity, Moorhouse Primary school
Time of experience: November 2013 - January 2014
Position: Volunteer reading mentor  
      Experience gained: volunteering within the school working specifically with children selected by teachers that had fallen behind in reading. Helping children to develop social and language skills through the use of games and having access to and reading a variety of texts. Teaching children in both key stages reading skills using phonics and improving their comprehension skills. Whilst also developing their confidence and independence.

Company - Rochdale Gateway limited 
Time of experience - May 2013 until September 2013
Position -voluntary care work
Experience Gained - Gateway services provides care, recreational and educational activities for those with mild to profound and multiple learning difficulties. I gained experience caring for individuals, enabling them to carry out daily activities such as meal times/personal care and activities including; sports, art, music, massage therapy, light stimulation, reading, pottery and much more. It is very fulfilling and rewarding and has made me want a career which allows me to support and teach others. It has helped vastly with my communication skills. Specifically, encouraging and helping those with a learning difficulty express themselves and to understand their needs.
Company - Manchester Mind
Time of experience - August 2012 until December 2012
Position -voluntary mental health mentor
Experience Gained - Worked with young adults with mental health issues to counsel, guide and help them with anything they needed. This included many things such as helping create a CV or find a job, book or chaperone doctor/dentist appointments, set goals and help towards achieving them or just be someone to talk to and confide in. Also  trained and awarded Mental Health First Aid Certificate.
References
St. Peter's C of E Primary and Nursery School
Teacher: ********
Contact Details -
Muriel Street, Rochdale, Lancs, OL16 5JQ.

Harvey Nichols 
Manager: ********
Contact Details - 
21 New Cathedral Street, Manchester, M1 1AD . 

Thank you for taking the time to read through my C.V.

Kind regards, ****** *********



