Curriculum Vitae

Formal Education
2002 - Bachelor’s of Arts - Centre College
	Majored in History and Religion
Supplementary Education
2004 - National Camping School - Boy Scouts of America
	Shooting Sports Section

2004 - National Rifle Association - Instructor Training
	In the following disciplines:
		Rifle, Muzzleloading Rifle, Shotgun, Muzzleloading Shotgun

2004 - National Archery Association - Instructor Training
	Level 1

2008 - National Rifle Association - Instructor Training
	In the Modern Pistol Discipline

2008 - Commonwealth of Kentucky Department of Criminal Justice Instructor/Trainer Training
	Concealed Carry Deadly Weapon 
Honors and Accolades
1997 - Eagle Scout

2011 - Commissioned as a Kentucky Colonel for work with disabled youth while working at a Boy Scout Camp.

Work Experience
2002-Present - The Mitchner Law Office, PLLC - Paralegal
	Assisted Attorney in Document Assembly, Research and Trial Preparation
	Performed title examinations under the guidance of the managing partner
Background in Domestic Relations, Bankruptcy, Real Estate Closing Preparation, Misdemeanor Criminal Defense and other sundry matters of a small town General Practice.
Familiar with multiple jurisdictions in both North Central Kentucky and South Central Indiana.

2014-Present - Stuff and Thangs, LTD - Crowdsourcing Specialist
Worked a wide variety of tasks for a wide variety of requesters over multiple crowdsourcing platforms. 
Developed autohotkey scripting abilities to aid in those tasks.

2008-2013 - Self-Employed - Firearm Instructor
Taught Kentucky Concealed Carry Deadly Weapons program, and the above-referenced NRA programs.
Found and used locations offered by third parties, and successfully negotiated use of same.

2002-2012 - Camp Crooked Creek - Camp Staff
2011-2012 - Frontier Town Director
Wrote a living history program from scratch to offer older Boy Scouts a fun activity at camp.
Developed and worked with Camp Rangers on the physical properties of the program.
Provided leadership to staff and participants to maintain a fun managed risk, environment.

2004-2010 -  Shooting Sports Director
Maintained three shooting ranges and an arsenal of 15 rifles, 5 shotguns and 15 bows.
Accomplished same by coming in under budget each year for both ammunition usage and maintenance of the devices.
Maintained the ranges to meet or exceed the national standards each year for seven years.
Specialized in teaching mentally and physically challenged Boy Scouts how to shoot within their disability. Examples include severe autism, Down’s Syndrome, severe mental retardation, and blindness. Found creative solutions to dealing with said challenges.

	2003 - Health Lodge Staff
		Treated minor injuries.
		Taught First Aid to youth scouts.

	2002 - First Year Camper Program Staff
		Taught basic Scout skills to First Year Boy Scouts
Extra-Curricular Activities
2008-Present - Member of the Society of Creative Anachronism. 
From 2011-2013, Club President, requiring use of leadership abilities to guide the local group through the running of several events, and focusing on recruitment and retention to the group.
Skeet Shooting - Sharpshooter in the National Rifle Association’s Qualification Program
Small-Bore Rifle Shooting - Marksman First Class in the National Rifle Association’s Qualification Program
Pistol Shooting - Not rated in NRA Qual program, but enjoy as hobby.
