 

ProfileEight years experience within the container business, six of which have been on a customer facing role. Within this time I have been entrusted with the management of specialised and high value cargo that has given me the opportunity to work with key accounts both at a local and company wide scale.

Highly motivated to improve and continually review my processes to better deliver to the customer and reduce their effort, while keeping in mind my own goals and targets.

My interest is in gaining further knowledge and experience that will allow me to apply my skills in a high demanding and results oriented environments.

Employment History2009 - To dateMaersk Spain S.L.U.
Customer service Crosstrade. In charge of the management of crosstrade shipments for special cargo, such us reefer, deepfrozen reefer, OOG, IMO and military shipments, coordinating and following up from origin until final delivery.

Part of several Process Excellence projects, analizing existing processes for their improvement.

Responsible for developing standard processes for their outsourcing to service centers, ensuring the process is implemented and carried out.

Trainer for the CODS system having, delivered courses locally and at external offices.
2007 - 2009Maersk Spain S.L.U.
Customer service export.  In charge of the follow up of loading lists and customs documentation for the export shipments from Maersk's port rotation in Spain. 
In charge of analizing the root cause of downfalls and incidences.

LanguagesEnglish

SpanishBilingual.

Native tongue.
Computer SkillsITUser-level knowledge of computer science.Media SkillsTrained on digital manipulation both under Adobe Photoshop and The Gimp. Dreamweaver and Quark.
Documentation working with FotoStation Pro
StudiesOfficial2006Visual Media Technician
I.E.S. Siglo XXI Leganés2004Bachillerato Ciencias de la Naturaleza y de la Salud
I.E.S. Carpe Diem GetafeSeminars2013PEX. Five day training on waste management and project management.2013Reefer Module II. In depth reefer course covering specialised reefer cargo.2012PEX. In depth 24h workshop about the concepts and tools that the Process Excellence system offers2012Reefer. Cargo types and characteristics, container types and applied case studies.2012Bill of Lading. In depth explanation of the B/L clauses.2011Business Partner. Five days seminar on the customer service role.Digital ArtsPhotoshop CS3
Freehand
Quark Express
Personal informationDate of Birth:11th June 1984Driving Licence:B1
Guillermo Marshall T: 618262102 E: guillermo.amg@gmail.com 



