								

EDUCATION 
     Union Graduate College, Schenectady, New York
     Masters in Power Electronics for Electrical Engineering, June 2012
     GPA: 4.0

     Union College, Schenectady, New York
     Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, June 2011
     Minor: Design Studio Arts/Math 
     GPA: 3.084
ENGINEERING EXPERIENCE
           Engineering Assistant, Ameresco Inc., Latham New York, June 2010-September 2010
  Determined customer's technical requirement and evaluated opportunities for energy efficiency. Gathered and processed key project details such as utility data, facility profiles, site drawings, and system operating data. Visited project sites to assess and document building, mechanical, electrical, controls, and plumbing systems. Conducted detailed engineering analysis including baseline profiles, end use analysis, retro-fit analysis, proposals, and feasibility reports.

           SuperPower Museum Exhibit, Union College, March 2010-April 2010
Modeled and built "The City of Schenectady" for the Schenectady Children's Museum.  Worked with professional/student engineers in displaying SuperPower's product: fault current limiter and Superconductivity. 

Discrete Systems, Union College, January 2009-March 2009
Wrote a term paper in style of IEEE proceedings on digital filters designed for experimental measurements of action potentials of crayfish stretch receptor neurons.  Collaborated with biology/neuroscience major in interdisciplinary project on describing ear as a frequency analyzer.

Engineering Graphics: Union College, September 2008-November 2008
Reversed engineered, and improved, a standard stapler through methods of drawings, solid modeling, and manufacturing.  Applied sketching, descriptive geometry, tolerances, sectioning, auxiliary views, assembly drawings techniques, and SolidWorks CAD knowledge and skills.
RELEVANT COURSES
Electric Circuits & Systems, Computer and Logic Design, Intro. to Semiconductor Devices and Circuits, Basic Computer Programming, Intro. to Electromagnetic Engineering, Control Systems, Communication Systems, Acoustics, Biometrics, GIS

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Member of Iota Phi Theta Fraternity, Incorporated, November 2008-Present
* Promote unity in the Black community and multicultural diversity through programs on campus and community service.
* Planned and executed academic events to build confidence and inspire students to improve performance.
* Serve as Vice President of Zeta Gamma Chapter; planned, organized, and executed chapter activities; recorded meeting       minutes; communicated with members, faculty and administration.
* Participated in a variety of charitable events including; Haiti Relief Fund, Clothing Drive and Canned Food Drive.
Multicultural Weekend Assistant Coordinator, Union College, October 2007-Present
*   Conduct campus tours, coordinate and promote campus activities and chaperone prospective Union College students.
*    Advise students on how to choose a college, the college experience and importance of networking, and answer questions.
Programs Chair, National Society for Black Engineers (NSBE), Union College, September 2007 - Present
*    Bridge between NSBE and those needed to be outreached to get events approval or special guests present.  

WORK EXPERIENCE
	Media Services Assistant (Work-Study), Union College, September 2007-Present
*    Delivered and setup audio/video equipment consistent with customer request, and ensured proper functioning.
            	Sales Associate/Stocker, William Sonoma, Manhattan, NY, December 2007 - January 2008, December 2009 -January 2010
*     Listened carefully to customers to understand needs and provided services and products consistent with their needs.
*     Loaded and unloaded product from UPS trucks. 
     Senior Computer Page, New York Public Library, Bronx New York, October 2003-June 2007
*     Provided computer user support to library patrons and resolved computer problems.
SKILLS
Computers: Intermediate-Advanced skills in MS Office (Word, Excel, & PowerPoint), Windows 7; Intermediate skills in SolidWorks Software, CS4 Photoshop, Cinema 4D; SecondLife; Basic skills using MATLAB and LABVIEW.
Languages: English and Spanish
