
Xxx Xxx
PMO LEAD

Profile
An influential, tenacious and dependable PMO and project professional with XX years' experience of managing complex programme and project change without compromising on quality and standards.  Demonstrates the motivation and determination to tackle major transformation initiatives, combined with considerable experience in stakeholder management at all levels building rapport and trust.  Possesses an intricate knowledge of governance and reporting requirements in addition to considerable experience in all aspects of RAID management at programme, project and strand levels. 

> PMO and project professional with extensive experience of large, complex environments and all project methodologies
> Committed to successful PMO performance delivering added value to the organisation
> Extensive experience in developing improved and robust reporting processes, including analysis and challenging of data supporting governance forums and key decision making

Skills Matrix
Programme management | PMO management | governance reporting | project management | PMO mobilisation | PMO capability development | RAID management | Framework development | coaching & mentoring | business change | IT development & change | stakeholder engagement | relationship management | presentations | benefits management | governance design | people management | project closure & review | issue resolution | solutions delivery | budget & resource management | change management | business change | procurement processes | 

Personal Attributes

> Experience in ensuring alignment of project delivery with organisational aims and objectives
> Strong analytical skills supporting sound decision making
> Considerable experience of IT and business change in significant environments over the full lifecycle 

Career Detail
X - PMO Lead						
Developing the performance and capability of the PMO function in line with the P30 maturity model and organisational aims for a strategic level PMO function providing services to programmes and stakeholders. Ensuring alignment of portfolio delivery with corporate strategy through selection and prioritisation. Extensive work in risk and issue management including the development of a new risk and issue management Framework, for all programme delivery, promoting increased understanding and management of the project team. Led re-design of governance reporting providing high-quality inputs informing key decision making. Programme Investment £150M

x- PMO Manager								
PMO & Project Manager who took full ownership for the identification, design and delivery of all programme  management deliverables and governance requirements in support of a major business initiative modernising learning and development provision. Re-design of risk and benefits management frameworks with existing PMO function. 

x - Project Manager					
Project Manager responsible for the definition, initiation and development of two major projects within the pensions portfolio with a combined programme investment of more than £300m.  One in support of legislative change and the other the procurement of an end-to-end Service for the largest pension scheme in Europe.  Instrumental in developing and maintaining excellent communication channels with internal BSA stakeholders and central PMO team while ensuring all approver requirements were successfully met.  
Other Project Manager responsibilities and achievements included:
* Progressed projects to ensure all internal governance processes and external approval requirements, enabling projects to move into further development phases within required timescale
* Designed updated reporting processes for all governance forums informing key decision making . Designed and managed integrated project plans and assured delivery of the IT supplier. Developed all management products for the full lifecycle with input to the Business Case and PID. Led the successful delivery of complex RAID management and the design of a comprehensive monitoring and reporting framework incorporating budget, progress and resource updates. 
* Undertook frequent and comprehensive inputs to senior governance forums and all inputs for a successful Cabinet Office Major Projects Authority review 
								
PMO Manager & Project Manager	          						
PMO and Project Manager leading three projects within an IT Security Programme designed to enhance the security of the IT estate.  Designed and managed all project plans over the full lifecycle of each project incorporating comprehensive monitoring and reporting.  Built working relationships with a large stakeholder group and IT suppliers.  Used relevant methodologies and sound organisational skills to ensure project stages were completed on time and within budget. Played a key role in ensuring programme scope was re-defined to fully realise successful programme delivery.
Other duties and achievements included:
* Mobilised and led an inexperienced PMO team providing a full secretariat service to programme and project boards whilst providing extensive services to stakeholders
* Managed all RAID, governance and reporting functions to OGC standards. Ensured compliance with reporting requirements with strand leads, providing frequent status reporting to programme board, project board and business leads. Led PMO assurance process
* Oversaw extensive work with technical and business teams to ensure major impacts were incorporated within programme objectives and integrated within overall change delivery

PMO Manager & Project Manager							
PMO and Project Manager for the Programme worth £11m incorporating IT enabled business change on an enterprise scale generated by legislative change with major impacts for all  business areas.  Mobilised the PMO team and proactively led the design and management of all programme planning including identification of deliverables and dependencies.  Devised multiple status reports for governance forums to assist key decision-making processes and ensured specific stakeholder reviews were incorporated as part of governance 
* Cultivated productive communication with business stakeholders to ensure multiple business impacts were correctly understood and incorporated within the programme scope. Led project review and closure



PMO Manager									
PMO Manager with central responsibility for identification and mitigation of risks to departmental business areas generated by the uncertainty over potential entry to the single European currency.  

Education and Qualifications - Association for Project Management Professional, IPMA Level D (APMP); PRINCE; Diploma in Business Analysis (ISEB); ITIL v3 Foundation
IT Proficiency - MS Office (Word, Project, PowerPoint and Visio)
X X - PMO Manager / PMO Lead / Senior Project Manager / Programme Manager

