(F, 33, Slatina, Romania)
Mobile phone: 
Email: 
Availability: Full time
Willing to travel: Yes

Experience
Self employed-work from home
Period: November 2014 - present (1 years)
Company and location: Ex: Clickworker, UHRS projects, Slatina, Jude?ul Olt, România
Job domain / occupation: IT / Telecom
Independent contractor conducting virtual tasks for different enterprises using cloud based dynamic platforms. Proficient in tasks requiring advanced internet expertise including: internet research, categorization and tagging , product catalog assessment, data consistency verification, site reviews and search evaluation.

Client Manager
Period: December 2010 - present (4 years and 11 months)
Company and location: Provident Financial Romania IFN, Slatina
Job domain / occupation: Finance
Daily monitoring and controlling a team of sales agents so we manage the customers and grow their number in a controlled way to increase the effective value of the received work and achieve development goals of company. Responsible for the sale process, discussing customer requirements and providing knoledgeable advices.
Responsibilities:
1. Recruiting new agents that have the ability to grow and develop the business by attracting new customers.
2. Preparating, guideing and motivating agents to maximize performance; obtaining assurance that agents provides clients with exceptional services, the performance goals of our include quality standards of customer service.
3. Providing top customer service by quickly understanding and interpreting customers' needs and wants (even if this means having to read between the lines)
4. Actively seeking new business opportunities in the market, so to increase the number of customers and meet or exceed the objectives of business development and earnings growth in the current legislation limits .
5. Promoting the company services and image by telephone and face-to-face conversation with our clients
6. Monitoring, analyzing and checking the weekly performance obtained on the area allocated so as to identify, prioritize and fix the problems and looking for solutions to make improvements
7. Consistently useing methods for measuring results obtained in achieving performance, makeing sure that my team has the resources to fulfill sale objectives
8. Establish appropriate individual goals in order to improve further the performance of the team
9. Regular progress reports prepared for management, identify and analyze requirements with the team coming from clients, colleagues, suppliers
10. Makeing decisions based on analysis of performance indicators and the experience gained
11. Establishing realistic goals in the process of performance management and development
12. Understanding and explaining the team "what" and "why" is happening in the company, organize regular meetings where team communication objectives

Project Manager
Period: October 2005 - December 2010 (5 years and 2 months)
Company and location: SC Primaserv SRL, Craiova
Job domain / occupation: Services
My responsabilities refers to:
1.Organizing the maintenance activity for business goals and solving problems
2.Coordinating and motivating the maintenance staff for insureing the functionality of all the equipments that we have to manhandle and all the construction works we have to solve
3.At the end of every week, establishing the working schedule of the maintenance teams for the next week
4.Programming the most important works, that must be resolved with high priority and those not so important; Changeing the team's programme when urgent situations come into sight
5.Keeping in touch with our suppliers, negotiateing the prices for all the materials and equipments and insureing the stocks for our activity; searching for new suppliers.
6.At the end of every month, drawing up a performances evaluation of every working team, regarding the costs and the receipts. Based on performance evaluation,takeing measures to increase productivity.
7.Preparing bids for the maintenance and constructions works( construction of the fuel delivery stations, pharmacy modernisation,etc)
8. Providing logistics for carrying out works: materials suplly and transport
9. Refering to the customers about the degree of the works(quality, quantity and price).
10.Communicating with the beneficiary's representative (Petrom, Rompetrol, AD Pharma), undertakening the orders for our works and recurrent reporting the stage of the works
11.At the end of every month,centralizing all the works, for every contractor and every area, working out the devices and summaries. These documents I send to our contractors for clearance and then compileing the invoices for these works
12.Annual, renegotiating the maintenance contracts with our contractors and beneficiaries.
13.In october 2007 I negotiated and signed two maintenance contracts with Rompetrol SA (one for civil works and one for signware). I contributed to increasing the working area from Oltenia to all the country
14.In march 2008 I negotiated and signed a maintenance and furnishing spaces contract with pharmaceutic grup AD Pharma.
15.Starting 2009 we began working for Ford Romania, this beeing one of the projects I was in charge of, by sending and negotiating the offers for the works, conclude the contracts, supply with stocks for the works, finishing the works in the terms, sending the invoices and following the paiments.

Education
Master / Postuniversitary degree
Faculty of Economics and Business Administration (2005 - 2007), Craiova
Major: Management and business administration
University (graduate)
Faculty of Economics and Business Administration (2001 - 2005), Craiova
Major: Accounting
Skills
Driving license: Yes
Spoken foreign languages:
Romanian - Native
English - Advanced
Certifications (activities):
Projects
Office: MS OFFICE (Word, Excel)
Internet: Web, E-mail
