Product designer, lateral thinker, and practical problem solver... 

January 2014 - Present: Co-founder and Partnerships Director - CreateHealth.io 
I'm inspired by organisations with a bold new take on the 'supply chain' - such as
Acumen Fund, Charity: Water, Kickstarter, Quirky, VICE News. We built CreateHealth.io with the goal to provide a social community and technology platform where the healthcare industry can co-create products and services through collaboration with their customers - rewiring the idea & design supply chain. We've had a great time with successes and clients in top public companies. 

Applied:

? Market Research ? Proposal Writing ? Business Planning? SaaS Development 
CreatHealth.io profiled as:

'London's fastest growing tech companies' Huffington Post

'Crowdsourcing startup wants to reward patients' MedCityNews

December 2014 - Present: Editor - BrainfoodTV - Editor of the Patient Information & Start-up content on the BrainfoodTV portal. 
Modelled on Business Insider and Wired, our aim was to shatter the eco-chamber in healthcare commentary and reporting. The portal included contributions from the CTO of Microsoft, Roni Zeigler (ex Chief Health Strategist at Google), Digital Health malvern John Nosta and top selling innovation author David Kord Murray. Each sharing revolutionary ideas on healthcare innovation. 

September 2014: Organizer - TEDx Bedminster
Secured license, produced, marketed, secured sponsorship and hosted TEDx Bedminster in partnership with friend, colleague and all round good guy Richie Etwaru, VP of Innovation at Cegedim. 

June 2012 - December 2013: Head of US Operations - eyeforpharma / FC Business Intelligence
Within one year of joining the company I was promoted beyond my peers to head up the launch of the New York office for eyeforpharma and the parent company FC Business Intelligence. 

• Recruited, trained and managed team of 6. 

• Developed the relationship between the satellite office and London head office. 

• Exceeded financial goals generating over $2m yr1 turnover.

• Grew company product portfolio and database. 

May 2011 - May 2012: Conference Producer - eyeforpharma
As a conference organiser I researched and produced Healthcare industry conferences, focusing on topics around Value Based Pricing, Clinical Development & Innovation with partnerships among the NHS, NICE and AMNOG. Began interviewing, training and mentoring new staff within months of starting at the organisation. 

2009 - 2011: Professional Alpine Mountain Bike Guide - Morzine, France and Finale Ligure, Italy. 

2006 - 2009: Education 
BA Hons - Geography. Plymouth University. Grade 2.1 - finishing in the top 10% of the cohort. Dissertation project involved a first time study on the impact of the London Congestion Charge Zone on self-locomotion. Themes included sustainable development, urban infrastructure, sociology & economics. 

Skills
Microsoft Excel, Wordpress, Sage & other Cloud CRM, Marketing Automation, Marketing Analytics, UX, Adobe InDesign, PowerPoint & Keynote. Basic French and Italian. Some quantitative and qualitative statistics. Full Car & Motorcycle License. BHBIA Ethical Market Research Accreditation. 

Life
An avid cyclist and compete in Mountain Bike races on a national level. Recent results include 10th at the 2014 Big Mountain Enduro in Crested Butte, Colorado and 7th at the 2011 Super Enduro in Punta Ala, Italy. 

Interested in building things, furniture, cabins, great dinners, camp fires. I socialise and travel, more often that not with a bike, occasionally with a surfboard. 

