2013-07 - present
Oracle system administrator (IT / Telecom) @EMERSON SRL, Cluj Napoca
•UC4 Research & Development
•HP Archive Scheduling, Monitoring, & Support•Job/Process Automation & Scheduling
•System Administration
•Enterprise Monitoring & Global Dashboard Reporting

Provide highly accessible and reliable scheduling, monitoring, and operation services for enterprise business systems while exceeding customer expectations of having healthy, efficient, and stable environments at all times. This is accomplished by engaging in monitoring, early warning, and preventative services, and effectively utilizing resources, communications, and automation channels. UC4 is currently integrated with Oracle Applications E-Business Suite.
2011-03 - 2013-07
JD Edwards Support Analyst (IT / Telecom) @EMERSON SRL, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County, Romania
Support the activities needed for the set up of new users in JD Edwards system (AS400 platform) via HP Service Manager.Prepare documents required for Serbannes-Oxley and access review controls that are required as audit requirements for over 60 sites and 3000 JDE users. This involves making specific reports for all 60 locations, liaising with locations until they finalize the audit and the necessary changes have been made.
Maintain a list of approved key business users, by site, to ensure that appropriate approval is given for all new access requests or changes.
Liaise with the Global Help Desk making sure that the needs of the JD Edwards community are met and that all requests for assistance are managed effectively.
Prepare and transfer data from JD Edwards to Oracle and GetPaid.
2008-07 - 2010-09
Help Desk/ System administrator (IT / Telecom) @MEGATREND INTERNATIONAL SRL, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County, Romania
At Megatrend I had to retrieve incoming requests to the Help Desk service, draw up daily reports on the activities and concerns that were raised. Also I had to submit a monthly report, to clients, on the concerns that they raised. I often provided remote desktop support to solve the user's problems regarding Megatrends ERP software. Implementing Oracle database 10g along with the ERP solution was among my many duties. I also performed Oracle DBA activities, which was very fulfilling. On numerous occasions I have provided Go-Live support to implement Megatrends ERP, along with Oracle, as well as configuring label printing systems. During my stay I offered solutions for campaigns, online promotion strategies for Megatrend (including optimizing the company's web page) in order to attract new customers. This involved sometimes contacting over two hundred potential customers via the telephone. Since the company didn't have a network admin, I performed network administrator activities too (including file server configuration).
2007-05 - 2007-09
SUPERVISOR (IT / Telecom) @FORCEWARE SRL, Cluj-Napoca, Cluj County, Romania
As supervisor I had to meet the needs of all customers. Also had to handle the cash-register, had to solve all problems that occurred, software or hardware related, network or equipment problems. Also I had to keep good relations with the customers.

Studies
2004 - 2008
Faculty of Political, Administrative and Communication Sciences, Communication and public relations, Cluj Napoca
University (graduate)
2003 - 2004
Collage of Nyiregyhaza, European Studies, Cluj Napoca
College / Postgraduate studies
1999 - 2003
Colegiul National "Dragos-Voda", Foreign Languages and Literature, Sighetu Marma?iei
High School / Vocational School

Languages spoken:
English - Advanced
Hungarian - Advanced
Romanian - Advanced
German - Medium
