Producer, Gentleman and Sometimes Scholar             I'm a seasoned logistical tactician,  choreographing creative solutions for top quality projects that run efficiently.           skills                    MANAGEMENT & LEADERSHIP        •Effectively plan and manage budgets, schedules, and logistics while coordinating pre-production, production, and post-production editorial.               •Manage small and large teams of production personnel, overseeing full-time staff and freelance contractors while coordinating with clients.              QUALITIES        •Creative, patient, tactful, strong problem solver, strong communicator, reliable, unflappable            TECHNICAL        •Premiere Pro CC, Final Cut 7, Photoshop CC, Dreamweaver CC, Microsoft Office Suite                    experience                     PRODUCER                 2010 - 2015              Creative leader, managing client relationships while coordinating all logistical aspects of a project. Support the Director / Creative Director by overseeing a team of production staff and relegating duties to make the Director's vision a reality.               •Coordinate and oversee all aspects of a project, from putting together the budget and schedule, through managing all prep and crew, to fulfilling Assistant Director duties while shooting, and finally supervising all post-production editorial.               •Manage budgets ranging from $35,000 to $400,000, closely following all standard procedures of the Association of Independent Commercial Producers.               •Effectively plan to ensure projects stay on schedule and under budget each and every time, while strictly maintaining the highest level of quality.                        Clients:  Washington Redskins, Hilton Worldwide, PBS NewsHour, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Dept. of Health and Human Services, Johns Hopkins, DC Lottery, Dayton Power, and more.                       Continued on page 2                                     Producer, Gentleman and Sometimes Scholar                       experience  (continued)                     PRODUCTION MANAGER                  2009 - 2010              Brought on staff to support the efforts of the producer. Served as part of the team of production staff to manage logistical elements of a project, including coordinating vendors, crew, travel, catering, and any necessary research.       



       EXECUTIVE PRODUCER                  2008 - 2009              Lead a production and writing staff of 19 members responsible for scripting, filming, and editing episodes of the online-only current events news satire show. Episodes were written and filmed for release once per week, each video running 7-10 minutes in length.                     education                     UNIVERSITY  (GPA 3.6 / 4.0) 2009     •Bachelor of Arts in Sociology - Concentration in Media and Culture      •Bachelor of Arts in History                          awards and recognition                  •2011  DC ADDY Awards -  Gold Award     •2013  American Advertising Award -  Gold Award     •2014 Utility Ad Awards  -  Best Overall Campaign                      additional interests                 BALLROOM DANCE        •Ballroom dance is a personal passion of mine. I find the art of movement truly inspiring and a fantastic outlet for self expression. A dancer's attention to detail has influenced my professional skill set as well, in addition to cooperation and compromise in leading and following a partner. I have competatively ballroom danced for nearly a decade.                        
