

Personal Profile
I am a well organized, enthusiastic individual who is easily motivated with
Outstanding customer care Skills. I am incredibly flexible and versatile to a changing environment and can work equally well either as a team or an individual.

Qualifications
Vendor Qualifications
COMPTIA A+ 

Technical Qualifications
• Level 3 Diploma in ICT systems and principles for IT professionals (Theory Element)
• Levels 3 diploma in ICT professional competence (Competence Element)
• Level 2 Award in employability and professional development


Broad oak High school

GCSE Mathematics: 		C
GCSE Science: 		C 
GCSE English: 		C
GCSE ICT: 			Merit 
GCSE Food and Hygiene: 	C
Geography: 			D


Employment History/Work Experience
Dates: January 13th 2012 - current
Employer: Co-operative
Job Title: Technical Analyst
While working for the co-operative I picked up three of the most valuable lessons for both being a technical analyst and for any job really, I learnt asking questions will always make my job easier, I learnt that working doesn't mean that your job can't be both enjoyable and exciting, this was due to the great team, and the many different issues that I came across.
The last lesson I learnt was about myself, I like to fix things first time around, but I found that most of the time first time fixes weren't available due to a lack of the tools I needed.

Dates: June 17th-September 7th 2011
Employer: IBM
Job Title: Helpdesk Analyst
While working for IBM, under the Arcadia Group, I learnt the demanding yet fun challenges of SLA's, strict policies, and a little bit about myself, after working here, I feel like I understand how hard it is to keep everyone happy, as one challenge ends another begins, one problem solved another one appears, I also learnt that if I cant solve it, to ask for help, I cant do everything, but I never give up trying.


Dates: September 2010 - February 2011 
Employer: Zenos IT Academy
Job Title: Apprentice IT Technician
Throughout my time at Zenos, I have completed the basic tasks, such as taking customer emails, finding solutions to their problems and updating a database, to upgrading a pc from 2000 to XP. Another aspect to my Apprenticeship consisted of installing and configuring hardware and networking new Windows 7 virtual PCs. I have created a file server, web server and other advance processes.

Dates: June/09
Employer: Sunshine Cafe
Position: Waiter
I worked for 5 days as a waiter at a local café. My main duties consisted of taking orders, cooking and serving customers over the counter, whilst ensuring they are happy with the service provided.

Hobbies and Interests
During my spare time, I enjoy socializing. I mainly spend my time on my PC, where I enjoy modifying and upgrading my PC with various hardware and software. 
I also enjoy gaming on various platforms, PC, XBOX360, Wii.
I also often visit my friend's house and every Tuesday play badminton with him and some other friends.


References are available on Request.
