https://github.com/artfullyContrived/
Enthusiastic Java/J2EE Developer specializing in object­oriented approach to system
development.
Technical Skills Like:
java, javascript, guava, mysql, kafka, zookeeper, hadoop, yarn, ambari
Experience Software Developer - Nvent
java, python, zookeeper, kafka, docker, digital­ocean, vagrant, ansible
June 2014 ­ Current
Working in a distributed team to build the next generation data pipe line my tasks include ­ Working with the senior
developers to write application modules. ­ Working with the senior developers to write tests for the modules. ­ Ensure
that the commits do not mess up jenkins builds. Ensure that Jenkins builds are mostly green. ­ Document product
PRD ­ Write scripts for deployment using 1. ansible 2. docker 3. vagrant ­ Write scripts for deploying to digital ocean ­
Code, deploy, build. ­ Attend meetings
Systems Developer - Inmobia Mobile Technology
java, jboss, linux, smpp, ussd, sysadmin
January 2011 ­ January 2015
Sys Admin
Ensuring that Jboss cluster is up and running and the java applications therein are okay.
Deploying the in­house Java applications as per client requests or server constraints.
Maintaining and securing the RHEL servers
Maintain and secure our M$ Exchange mail servers running on Windows server 2003
Periodically travelling to any of the Countries where our servers are located for reinstallation of ESX/RHEL et al
and onsite troubleshooting.
Performing sysadmin tasks.
Networking:
routing,
IP configuration,
iptables
HA setup: pulse, LVS
User management
Database administration of a MySql master/slave installation in each of the countries.
Java Developer
Designing, coding and testing Java applications
Assisting in running the One8 promo in the AIRTEL countries.
Solving internal and external tech requests as they come in.
Rewriting the Billing module of the SMPP application
Currently writing an ESME (codenamed Ballerina).
Maintaining the in­house Java libraries.
Having fun.
Developer - JJPeople International, Kenya Ltd.
java, java­ee, spring, svn
Worked on a documentation creation system used in project management
Helped enhance visual interface in various modules
User input validation
Numerous bug fixes
Parameterizing developer implementations of all generic JDK interfaces.
Maintaining the gamtrader.util package.
January 2009 ­ December 2010Education
Diploma in Computer Networking (City & Guilds) - Graffins College
2002 ­ 2003
Learnt all about computer networks. Beyond that, nothing out of the ordinary.
Projects & Interests
GitHub ­ Uxoria - https://github.com/artfullyContrived/Uxoria
java, smpp, grafana, codahale­metrics
March 2014 ­ February 2015
A Scalable distributable ESME.
Project Owner, initiator, contributor
GitHub ­ github­reporter - https://github.com/DemandCube/github­reporter
javascript
April 2014 ­ July 2014
Github commandline reporting tool for teams, includes weekly report and change logs
Initiator. Main contributor
GitHub ­ NeverwinterDP - https://github.com/DemandCube/NeverwinterDP September 2013 ­ November 2014
java, zookeeper, kafka, hadoop
NeverwinterDP ­ The Data Pipeline for Hadoop and Data Systems
Tools
Favorite Editor:
Eclipse

