



Overview

Since 2005 I have been working in community development, customer relations and emergency
management fields as a project coordinator and logistics officer, both voluntarily and professionally. I love working in difficult situations and I have several years of experience in disaster rescue.

My main strengths are are my passion in emergency and community development fields, and the ability to solve problems in emergency situations.

Employment History

March 2012 - April 2013				Disaster Management Logistic Officer
							World Animal Protection
							? 	Participate in and contribute to all 								logistical aspects of WSPA disaster 									management (DM) operations in the Asia 								region.
							? 	Assist with the delivery of all WSPA 								DM operations in Asia as directed by Disaster 							Response Team Leader (DRTL) Asia including: 							risk reduction and partner preparedness 								training interventions, and emergency 								response and 	recovery operations.
							? 	Participate as a member of the Disaster 							Assessment and Response Team (DART) to 								manage the logistics of the delivery of WSPA 							emergency veterinary response in Asia. This 							includes organising team member travel 								arrangements and accommodation, veterinary 							medicine re-supply, animal feed distribution 							and liaisons with appropriate government and 							non-government organisations.
							? 	Assess issues associated with the DM 							team's safety and security in the field. This 								includes ensuring adequate communication 								facilities and procedures are in place, and that 							first aid equipment and evacuation plans are 							current.
September 2011 - March 2012 		Assistant to IP lawyer and Patent agent
						Tilleke&Gibbins
						? 	Assist in preparation of legal
						documents.
						? 	Maintain attorney appointment and due date
						calendars ensuring that all dates are met
						? 	Operating document filing systems.

January 2007 - January 2012 			Customer Relations Officer; 
						Europe Middle East and Asia department
						Scandinavian Airlines, Denmark, Norway, Sweden

April 2006 - December 2007 			Executive Assistant to the Managing Director
						Fahrung Property Development Co.,Ltd

March 2005 - March 2006 			Community Development assistant
						Tsunami Relief Project
						Adventist Development and Relief Agency
						? 	Assistant to community development 							coordinator
						? 	Organize activity based Community Groups
						(CGs)/organization for group based adaptation


Volunteering and community involvement


March 2011 - August 2013 			Flood response officer and organisation
						coordinator
						Ar-sa dusit and Thai flood organisation

April 2012 - September 2013 		Campaigner for the Rohingya and Muslim
						children in the conflict areas
						Children voice for Peace

April 2008 - August 2013 			Participating in various campaigns in accordance to
						the abolition of the article 112, The Thai law of Lese
						Majeste
December 2004 - January 2005 		First emergency responder volunteer
						The royal Swedish embassy
