PERSONAL INFORMATIONDalila Mirovic Alije Nametka 32, 71000 Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina)  (+387) 61 243294     dalila.mirovic@gmail.com 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
09/2007-09/2008Assistant LibrarianHuman Rights Center of University of Sarajevo, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Volunteer work on cataloging and classification of M.A. papers and administrative work as an Assistant Librarian; Provided a range of front-line lending services, including issue and discharge of books, dealt with inquiries related to overdue books and other lending matters; Undertook a variety of activities within the Library to include dealing with reserved books, processing membership, shelving and shelf-checking; Performed other duties as assigned.
02/2009-02/2010Assistant LibrarianSilvije Strahimir Kranjcevic Elementary School, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Provideda range of front-line lending services, including issue and discharge of books,dealt with inquiries related to overdue books and other lending matters;Undertook a variety of activities within the Library to include dealing withreserved books, processing membership, shelving and shelf-checking; Coordinated programs such as storytelling forchildren; Provided reference help; Oversaw other administrative matters; Performed other duties as assigned.
12/2010-12/2011Library Assistant on the project "Books4Vijecnica"Humanity in Action BiH, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Managed book donations andlist of donors; Communicated with donors and potential donors; Cataloging; Disseminatedbooks by departamnets; Clasified, collected and stored information usingspecial computer applications (such as FACIT Biblioteka) for easy access andretrieval.
04/2012-01/2013Program CoordinatorSarajevo Open Centre, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Providedproject coordination and support on assigned projects; Participated in meetingswith partners/beneficiaries and task members and identified additional followupneeds; Provided general administrative support including monitoring calendar,setting up meetings, making travel and/or meeting arrangements, entering timeand filing expense reports; Prepared articles and press releases for the media;Compose and edit press releases, organization literature, and articles forinternal and external use; Performed general editorial work for soc.ba website;Performed general media specialist work: generated, edited, published andshared daily content (original text, images, video or HTML); Performed otherduties as assigned.
02/2013-07/2014Project CoordinatorCentre for Political Studies, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Providedproject coordination and support on assigned projects; Participated in meetingswith partners/beneficiaries and task members and identified additional follow-upneeds; Provided general administrative support including monitoring calendar,setting up meetings, making travel and/or meeting arrangements, entering timeand filing expense reports; Prepared articles and press releases for the media;Compose and edit press releases, organization literature, and articles forinternal and external use; Performed general editorial work for cps.ba website;Performed general media specialist work: generated, edited, published andshared daily content (original text, images, video or HTML); Performed otherduties as assigned.
08/2014-PresentProgram CoordinatorSarajevo Open Centre, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) Provided project coordinationand support on assigned projects; Participated in meetings withpartners/beneficiaries and task members and identified additional follow-upneeds; Provided general administrative support including monitoring calendar,setting up meetings, making travel and/or meeting arrangements, entering timeand filing expense reports; Prepared articles and press releases for the media;Compose and edit press releases, organization literature, and articles forinternal and external use; Performed general editorial work for soc.ba andzenskamreza.ba websites; Performed general media specialist work: generated,edited, published and shared daily content (original text, images, video orHTML); Writing project applications, creating budget proposals and tracking ofthe specific line items; Performed other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
09/2004-06/2008B.A. Comparative Literature and Librarian SciencesFaculty of Philosophy, University of Sarajevo, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) 
09/2012-PresentM.A. Sociology and Cultural StudiesFaculty of Political Sciences, University of Sarajevo, Sarajevo (Bosnia and Herzegovina) 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
Mother tongue(s)Bosnian, SerbianOther language(s)UNDERSTANDINGSPEAKINGWRITINGListeningReadingSpoken interactionSpoken productionEnglishC2C2C2C2C2Levels: A1 and A2: Basic user - B1 and B2: Independent user - C1 and C2: Proficient user
Common European Framework of Reference for Languages 
Communication skills? Excellent ability to communicate with people of all ages and backgrounds. 
? Excellent ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, colleagues, and the general public, including people of all ages, people with disabilities, and people from a variety of social, economic and ethnic backgrounds.
? Highly organized and dedicated individual with a positive attitude.

Organisational / managerial skills? Five years of solid administrative experience.
? Great organizational and management skills, gained through coordinating and implementing different projects and activities.
? Immense ability to learn, understand andexecute complex policies and procedures. 
? Remarkable ability to work independentlyand to exercise discretion in the absence of specific instructions.
? Great ability to work as a member of a teamand to adapt quickly to change. 

Computer skills? Excellent knowledge of and skill in using the Windows operating system, Internet browsers, Word processing and spreadsheet software, Graphics/Image/Photo and Presentation software.

Driving licenceB, BE
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
PublicationsCo-author of:of the Annual Report On The Human Rights Of WomenIn Bosnia And Herzegovina In 2014, published by Sarajevo Open Centreand CURE Foundation on behalf of Women's Network BiH (available in Englishhere: http://soc.ba/en/publications/human-rights-papers/).
· 
MembershipsTeam member of the Administration team of Women's Network BiH, an informal group of more then 40 civil society organizations who represent and work on women's rights and encourage gender equality and promote anti-discrimination, freedom of decision-making, non-violence and anti-militarism (more about our network here: http://zenskamreza.ba/en/).
· 
MembershipsPresident of the Steering Boar of a newly established Kultart Association.


 	Curriculum vitae

19/5/15 	 (c) European Union, 2002-2015 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu 	Page 2 / 2 

19/5/15 	 (c) European Union, 2002-2015 | http://europass.cedefop.europa.eu 	Page 3 / 3 





