EDUCATION:
BS Mechanical Engineering, ; GPA: In Major xxx Overall xxx
? Deans List Fall, Spring, Fall, Spring, 

EXPERIENCE:   
Engineer,
Engineer							 Sep  - Present
Responsible  for analyzing facility, readiness, and operational requirements in support of the largest multinational construction and relocation plan in the xxxx to relocate and transform the US military and dependents to xxxx.
? Analyzed requirements for over 90 units and 4500 personnel in 23 project packages, worth in excess of $1.3 Billion 
? Represented over 750 personnel as a customer with direct coordination with the design firm to transform the new $51 million xxxx facility to meet constantly evolving requirements

xxxx							  Jul  - Sep 
Second in command of over 280 US and xxx personnel in the xxx Company.  Responsible for maintenance and readiness for the most equipment in the Division valued in excess of $60M.
? Maintained 52 trucks, 15 trailers 286 weapons, and 190 night vision devices at an operational readiness above 98%
? Nominated for the xxxxxx
? Forward deployed and returned over 200 pieces of rolling stock, established and provided all logistical and sustainment operations for over 1000 continuous hours in support of over 500 Soldiers
? Executed over 90 lateral transfers and reduced the company's excess by over $10 million, the most in the battalion
? Modernized the unit by upgrading and integrating over $400,000 in new assets

xxxx							  Aug  - Jul
Directly supervised 32 xxx personnel forward deployed to xxx. Responsible for maintaining training, readiness and welfare of all personnel and equipment valued at $8.6M.
? Increased readiness and saved the unit hundreds of thousands of dollars by rebuilding and reconditioning multiple tank and demolitions ranges on US and xxx grounds
? Enhanced the public relations and international community relationship by rebuilding civilian roads and private land
? Cross-trained the most diverse skillset of over 200 combat engineers on the xxxxxx, qualifying on five unique Military and Civilian earthmoving assets


xxx Engineering 										 Jun - Aug 
Intern
Produced O&M cost estimates for government facilities under contract and Integrated new software to modernize estimation techniques.

Dominos Pizza						   					Jun - Jun 
Assistant Manager
Second in charge of a store with weekly sales in excess of $30,000. Responsible for open/close, receiving resupply, managing personnel, customer support, logistics, and cash handling.
? Awarded two scholarships
? Maintained one of the highest sales and  lowest food and labor rates in the region
? Decreased energy expenditure by implementing walk in controls and manual shut off during non peak hours


