


Previous Employment


Commarc Consulting Ltd - Christchurch, New Zealand
June 2015 - August 2015
Service Desk Engineer - Level 1 & 2

Providing engineering and support services in order to support and deliver business.
Providing service desk support to Commarc clients via telephone and remote access as well as supporting the internal network and managed and hosted services as directed.

Programs / Skills used:
N-central
ConnectWise
Active directory
Microsoft Exchange
Citrix
Cloud services
Windows server administration
Veeam
Symantec Backup Exec
Windows XP
Windows 8.1
Windows 10
Trend Micro Anti-virus software, Officescan



AbsoluteIT:  Airways - Christchurch, New Zealand
April 2015 - May 2015
Help Desk Contractor

Help desk role supporting users from different locations across the country, this includes resolving incidents and requests that have been raised on the SCSM help desk and also answering incoming calls  to IS.

Programs / Skills used:
SCCM
SCSM
Active Directory
Powershell
Excel
Lync
Windows 7/8










Trends Kitchens - Christchurch, New Zealand
October 2014 - March 2015
Fill in Systems Administrator

System administration and desktop support brought in on a short term contract originally to take over operations while current system admin took leave.

Business support including;
Installing  updating and troubleshooting software packages
Identifying and fixing connectivity issues
Setting up accounts and permissions
New hardware set-up and maintenance
Supporting staff in person and remotely
Setting up and monitoring mobile devices
Server technology administration - WSUS, DNS, DHCP
Active directory and GPO administration
Light VMware administration
IP-Telephony administration
In house software support

Actively trying to implement new processes and resources to improve efficiency, such as making scripts to automate common procedures and fixes for problems.


Kelly IT Services: Chorus - Christchurch, New Zealand
June - October 2014
Fibre broadband provisioner

Provisioning of new fibre connections on the chorus network, involving booking appointments for service companies to install the physical fibre connection and making the fibre lines operational from the office. Other duties included troubleshooting new connections with the engineers to ensure all connections were working and applying billing for all changes and new connections.

Tools used:
Singl.eview billing
Comptel provisioning and order management
Telecoms ICMS
Telecom Netmap

Knock Out Concrete Cutters - Christchurch, New Zealand
February - April 2014
Concrete Cutter

Operation of concrete cutting equipment on various sites including residential sites.
Soff cuts
Core drilling
Floor sawing
Concrete breaking






Kingfisher IT - Chandlers Ford, England
December 2013
IT Security Administrator

Responsible for ensuring all System Security Administration related
requests across Kingfisher OPCO's are answered and resolved within the
defined service levels, with minimum inconvenience to the users and
business

Administering all system access user accounts strictly in line with Kingfisher
Group Security Policies, within defined Service Levels.

Ensured all requests are responded to with good communication skills,
implementing a fix to the request or escalating to the appropriate support
group, keeping the user informed at all times and ensuring accurate
recording of updates.


Covidien - Whiteley, England
12th November 2012 - November 2013
IS Assistant / Infrastructure

Taking support calls for local IS team and infrastructure team using ITSM application, resolving issues and escalating  tickets where appropriate. Liaising with international colleagues to provide assistance and effectively overcome problems. 

General Active Directory administration.

Internal security auditing in preparation for external audit of computer services including gathering and compiling data on accounts and machines and ensure they are within Covidien standards.

Setting up servers in new locations within EMEA as well as other projects such as Windows 7 rollouts, Windows 8 application testing and viability testing to replace iPads and laptops with singular tablets to reduce costs. Administration and monitoring of Avamar backup software for thousands of new users as the initial setup was completed. Project management of server room monitoring hardware from AVTECH, deploying and configuring devices in locations all over EMEA which included liaising with technical and non technical staff to install the devices. Creating technical documentation on new software, processes and features to be shared on a central sharepoint for all technical and non technical employees to use.


Covidien - Whiteley, England
September - November 2012
Work Placement

Joined the UKIS team:
Taking apart and building laptops, mass imaging and deployment of new laptops for the Covidien sales team using Bare Metal images and Norton Ghost, as well as assisting with employee technical queries.

Joined the EMEA Infrastructure team:
Part of a project to integrate a recently purchased company in Israel into the Covidien network, providing a backup solution to deploy a Covidien compilation of operating system and software ready to be included into the Covidien network.



Joined the EMEA Communications team:
Configuring Cisco routers and switches to be dispatched to various locations around the world, clearing data from old hardware to be disposed of and upgrading the firmware of new and used hardware for future use.


EDUCATION
2 Years Studied 2009 -2011
Fareham College

BTEC National Diploma I.T Practitioner
Completed and passed 16 modules including:
Cisco IT Essentials II: Network Operating Systems - May 2011
Databases
Programming
Principles of computer networks
Website development
Network security


INTERESTS

I have a genuine interest in technology and try to keep up with the latest advancements in my profession, as well as spending quality time with my family.


REFERENCES

References are available upon request
